YYDS终极心法

语言是这个世界上最奇妙的产物。善加利用，志在必得！

我们中华五千年历史沉淀，要干没几年历史的老外还不是手到擒来！

目录：

富过三代五个条件篇

谈论孤独篇

成功男人与智慧女人命题篇

切客犹豫篇

夸赞，鼓励，感悟以及共鸣篇

走心篇

劝离婚篇

洗脑篇

赚三种钱篇

切客话术摘选篇

小川话术篇

专业观点讨论篇

序言

人性的弱点：


豪爽的人：往往性格急躁，急于求成！

勇敢的人：敢于献身，敢于付出！

在乎细节的人：往往喜欢占小便宜，容易被收买！

仁慈的人：往往优柔寡断，这样的人选项多了就会自我困扰，遇到这样的客户，一定要展现出你对她的好，用知己情感，道德绑架她。

聪明的人：往往刚愎自用，这样的人喜欢听奉承！对于这样的客户我们一定要回给她戴高帽子，满足她的虚荣心，最后以心理暗示的方式去开发，吊大她！


俘获人心的三大心法：

1.基本法，让自己变得更强大，自身有价值，才是吸引人之根本，当你强大了，自然就会有人脉靠近。你若盛开，清风自来！这是吸引人脉最基本的法则，当你还弱小的时候，最重要的不是结交人脉，而是要专注提升自己的专业价值，当你具备的价值越大，你就越能够吸引人靠近，先把自己活成一道光，照亮自己，才能照亮别人，当你有料了，你的见识和格局有了更广泛的提升，你才能与他人共同指点江山。不论任何人，提升自我价值，一定是结交人脉最重要的方式。

2.升级心法：成为别人的贵人，成就别人，才能够达成自己！人脉的本质是互助，每个人都有自己局限性，我们之所以需要人脉，是因为每个人都有不可避免拥有缺陷，而学会帮助别人，是我们获取人脉的第二个途径，在人生成长的路上，我们或许要秉记这个原则，在自己力所能及范围内去帮助身边的人，能为我们积累许多成长的势能，这种帮助也为我们提供了更多的友情支撑，在我们需要别人助力的时候，就会成为我们爆发的契机，帮助别人，本质上就是在帮助自己，因为成人就是达己，在生活中，不要吝啬自己的帮助，我们会收获更多的支持。

3.终极心法：提携他人，为自己的人生布局，第三个结交人脉的方式就是提携他人，这往往需要我们具备强大的洞察力，当我们发现一个人具备牛人的潜力时，我们可以主动出击，与对方做朋友，每个牛人都有一段岌岌无名的时光，而我们的主动和关怀往往让他记忆深刻，未来他也将对你印象深刻！吕不韦后来能够在秦国成为相父也与他过人的识人能力有关，当他得知异人在赵国做人质的时候，就悄悄的和他私交，并帮助他后来潜逃回国，等到异人做国君的时候，就把曾经鼎立帮助自己的吕不韦视为自己人生中最大的贵人，从而为吕不韦的人生事业版图做好充分的铺垫。我们在成长的路途当中如果遇到很有潜力的人，我们也可以提供自己的帮助，为自己的未来做好提前的投资和布局，经常保持互动和交流，未来某一天对方变得很厉害时，也会提供更多得回报和支持！

真正的人脉一定不是靠结交，而是凭借这三种有效的方式获取，首先我们要学会强大自己，提高自身的价值，第二要成为别人的贵人，学会成人达己，第三就是提携他人，为未来自己的人生布局。

抓住客户心理：


提起客户的生活所需要面对的困难与压力


（压力）

探索客户的家庭背景、有没有离婚、有没有背负债务。

挖掘客户最痛苦的经历，找到痛点走进客户的内心。

跟客户创造出共鸣点，站在客户的角度去为客户考虑

通过对客户语气、举止、生活等的观察，及时了解客户的心理变化，解决客户之急；通过聆听可了解客户的真正需要，这样就容易与客户达成共识。

提起机会是要靠把握，询问她是否错过机会 （珍惜）

跟客户灌输探讨财富运行规律

跟客户灌输探讨三个咨询，趋势、风口、红利，询问客户是否经历，感受把握住过机会

例举过去的趋势、风口、让客户清晰了解机会的重要性

这些趋势、风口、都已经过去，要赚钱我们只有把握未来的趋势、风口、机会来的时候要把握住。

胆量决定财富、成功者希望自己“一定要”成功（野心法则）、成功者必须借助他人的智慧

鼓励客户有能力，改变她认命的心态 （上进）

在客户抱怨生活，家庭，工作，老公的时候鼓励客户，相对应的灌输客户要独立。其实每个人都是有能力的，只是自己愿不愿意突破自己，打破自己现有的定位。

思维独立、经济独立、做一个自信的女人

改变不了已经发生的事情，但是咱们可以把握、控制规划好自己的未来

想客户到底在想什么？他在顾虑什么？资金安全？平台安全？还是便宜没占够

唤起客户内心想要的东西，目标吊起奋斗的心态（动力）

谈孩子、谈父母、谈房子车子、谈事业

引导客户去规划往后的生活，孩子的事业等等

完美造梦，让客户幻想活在梦里的美好生活 （享受）

当成交遇到困难时，懂得给客户编制一个可能实现的梦，给客户一种希望！切记，这么梦一定要接地气，否则客户会觉你华而不实，放弃和你成交。

正文

富过三代五个必要条件：

一个企业能否抵御各种危机的考验.能否三代人一直富有下去，取决于是否做对以下五件事情：

Whether a company can withstand the test of various crises. The ability of three generations to stay rich depends on doing the following five things right

1..企业是否有一个先进完善的系统，有才能持续的盈利

Does the company have an advanced and perfect system that has to be sustainable and profitable

2..有投资房产和物业--固定资产。可以产生被动收入，源源不断的现金流

There are investment properties and properties - fixed assets. Can generate passive income and a constant flow of cash

3.是否拥有核心的品牌价值和秘方。

Whether it has the core brand value and secret recipe.

4.是否有筹备黄金、白银、珠宝、现金储蓄存放家里（抵御通货膨胀）

Whether there is a reserve of gold, silver, jewelry, cash savings in the house (to protect against inflation)

是否有让钱继续为我们工作的投资理念，是否有稳定的投姿平台和渠道？

Is there an investment philosophy of making money continue to work for us, and are there stable investment posture platforms and channels?

谈论孤独：

1..很多人总觉的孤独者应该是很无趣的，其实我认为不是这样的！

Many people always think that loners should be very boring, but I don't think so!

2.有些人，只身一人无人陪伴；有些人，却总是有人相伴！那些孤独寂寞的人，身边无人相伴，即便是有人，也不是自己想要的那个人！孤独这份感觉，那般浓烈，又那般脆弱！

Some people, alone and unaccompanied; some people, but always someone to accompany! Those who are lonely and isolated, there is no one around, and even if there is someone, it is not the one they want! The feeling of loneliness is so strong and so fragile!

3.在这世上，许多人都在追寻属于自己的那一份幸福与快乐，在这条追寻之路上，免不了会感受到孤独与无助！

In this world, many people are in pursuit of their own share of happiness and joy, in this pursuit of the road, will inevitably feel lonely and helpless!

4.内心脆弱的人，害怕孤独，一旦感受到孤独，便很是伤怀难受！而一个内心强大的人，却与之相反，这样的人享受孤独，享受孤独带来的滋味！ 能够感受到你一定是后者！

People who are weak inside, afraid of loneliness, once they feel lonely, they are very sad and uncomfortable! And a strong person inside, but the opposite, such people enjoy solitude, enjoy the taste of loneliness! I can feel that you must be the latter!

5.孤独者往往是极其有趣，极其丰富的人！孤独是人自我选择的一种自我消遣的方式，一个人能够保持孤独，能够在孤独的状态当中始终自得其乐，这个人该是一个多大的宝藏，有取之不尽用之不竭的乐趣，在不断的提供给自己生活新鲜的资源，我想这世上没有人比这样的人更有趣！

Lonely people are often extremely interesting and rich people! Loneliness is a self-chosen way for people to spend themselves. If a person can stay lonely and always enjoy himself in a lonely state, what a treasure this person should be, with inexhaustible fun, constantly providing himself with fresh resources for life, I think no one in this world is more interesting than such a person!

6.所以孤独者应该是圆满状态，而不是缺失状态！

So the loner should be in a state of completion, not in a state of absence!

7.享受孤独的人，精神世界定是十分丰富的，他们知道他们想要什么，也明白怎样的生活才适合他们！他们并不排斥热闹，却也可以独自享受一个人的时光！

People who enjoy solitude, the spiritual world must be very rich, they know what they want, but also understand what kind of life is suitable for them! They do not reject the lively, but also alone to enjoy the time of a person!

8.排遣孤独的方法很多：一个人站在落地窗前，喝一杯红酒，向海面远眺，享受着片刻的宁静。一个人走在大街上，东瞅瞅，西望望，看见喜欢的衣服就进去试试，合意了便买，不合意便走！把烦劳丢在风里，把舒畅带在身边，走自己的路！

There are many ways to get rid of loneliness: standing alone in front of a floor-to-ceiling window, drinking a glass of wine, looking far out to sea, enjoying a moment of peace. Walking alone on the street, looking east, looking west, trying on the clothes you like when you see them, buying them if you like them, and leaving if you don't! Throw your worries in the wind, take the comfort with you, and go your own way!

9.内心强大，有着内在的修为，不以物喜，不以己悲！即便身处金字塔尖，能够以天地日月星辰为友，以清风明月自然万物作伴！

Strong inside, with an inner cultivation, not to things, not to self-pity! Even at the tip of the pyramid, to be able to heaven and earth, the sun, moon and stars as friends, with the clear wind and bright moon natural everything as a companion!

10.总听到人们说：好看的容貌千篇一律，有趣的灵魂万里挑一！好看的人有千千万万，但并不是每个人都能够活得有趣，那到底什么才是有趣的灵魂呢？

I always hear people say: good-looking people are always the same, but interesting souls are always the same! There are millions of good-looking people, but not everyone can live an interesting life, so what exactly is an interesting soul?

11.小时候的有趣大概就是性格活泼开朗，擅长幽默搞笑，让每个人看见你就会觉得由衷的开心！

Fun as a child is probably a lively and cheerful personality, good at humor and funny, so that everyone will feel sincerely happy to see you!

12.而长大以后的有趣，变成了一个很有深度的词，它可以是你的性格，可以是你的谈吐，也可以是你对生活的态度以及你的各种价值观，我们每个人都应该活得爆满而丰盛！

And grow up interesting, become a very deep word, it can be your character, can be your talk, but also your attitude to life and your various values, each of us should live bursting with abundance!

13.一个有趣的灵魂一定是独立而自由的，当我们不被外界束缚，做着自己喜欢的事情，内心会由衷的感到满足与欢喜！

An interesting soul must be independent and free, when we are not bound by the outside world, doing what we like, the heart will sincerely feel satisfied and happy!

14.对单纯不善言辞的客户使用：

每个人并非一生下来都是单纯美好，清澈透明，但随着年龄不断增长，咱们的内心会随着外界环境的一些因素变得越来越世俗与自私，变得不像自己，咱们会被这个社会逐渐同化！ 一个人能够自始至终保持初心是最难能可贵的。我特别欣赏像你这样绅士和智慧！

Everyone is not born pure and beautiful, clear and transparent, but as we grow older, our hearts will become more and more worldly and selfish with some factors of the external environment, becoming unlike ourselves, we will be gradually assimilated by this society! A person can maintain the original heart from the beginning to the end is the most valuable. I especially appreciate such a gentleman and wisdom like you!

15.生活从来都不容易！ 中国诗人鲁迅曾说过：真正的勇士敢于直面惨淡的人生，敢于正视淋漓的鲜血！认清生活的残酷，依旧保持对它的热爱，敢于去正视面对，是非常不容易的！咱们都应该持有这种生活态度，生活虽然很苦，但是我们可以凭着自己的努力将生活许许多多的甜赋予自己，当咱们通过自己的努力感受到生活的甜美时，咱们便会发现，生活其实真的很美好，人间也很值得！这样的灵魂便是一个丰盛而饱满的灵魂！

Life is never easy! The Chinese poet Lu Xun once said: "A true warrior dares to face up to the miserable life, dares to face up to the dripping blood! Recognize the cruelty of life, still maintain the love of it, dare to face up to face, is not easy! We should all hold this attitude to life, life is very bitter, but we can give ourselves a lot of sweet life with our own efforts, when we feel the sweetness of life through our own efforts, we will find that life is really beautiful, the earth is also very worth it! Such a soul is a rich and full soul!

16.我们往往没有弄清人生什么最宝贵，而把那些次要的看得太重要的，把全部的力量都用在了那里，结果是什么呢？得不到，痛苦；得到了，也必不幸福！ 老天给了咱们每个人一条命、一颗心，把这条命照看好，把这颗心安顿好，人生就是圆满的，就是幸福的！

We often do not figure out what is most valuable in life, and instead we look at those secondary ones as too important, and use all our strength there, and what is the result? If we don't get it, we suffer; if we get it, we will not be happy! God has given each of us a life and a heart, take good care of this life and settle this heart, then life is complete and happy!

17.当我们读一本好书的时候，我们仿佛觉得找到了一个朋友；当我们们再一次读这本好书的时候，仿佛和老朋友重逢！

When we read a good book, we feel as if we have found a friend; when we read the good book again, it is as if we are reunited with an old friend!

成功男人与智慧女人命题：

问客户：你认为什么样的男人才算是成功的男人？什么样的女人才算是智慧的女人？

What kind of man do you think is a successful man? What kind of woman is considered a wise woman?

1.从生活的角度理解的。一个女人最吸引男人的点，不是漂亮也不是她有多么的聪明。而是温柔，最魅力的女人讲究以柔克刚！在所有的夫妻生活中，以柔克刚也是最高境界。总是可以把婚姻经营的如同放风筝一般，不论男人如何飞，线总在女人手里。

Understood from the perspective of life. A woman's most attractive point for men, not beautiful nor how smart she is. Rather, the most attractive woman speaks of softness to overcome rigidity! In all the life of the couple, the softness is also the highest level. Always can operate the marriage like flying a kite, no matter how men fly, the line is always in the hands of women.

2.那么智慧的女人，便就是以柔克刚，介于感性与理性之间，那便是知性，介于聪明与笨之间，如此便是智慧不是？

Then the wisdom of the woman, it is the softness to overcome the rigid, between the sensual and rational, that is knowledgeable, between the smart and stupid, so it is wisdom is not?

3.智慧女性有很多种，有的女性在操持家务，照顾家庭方面得体又有序，也可以成为智慧女性。有的女性独立自主，能够成为男人的得力助手或者智囊团成员，用自己对情况的判断去支持男人，也是红颜知己，同样也是智慧女性。

There are many kinds of wise women, some of them are decent and orderly in running the household and taking care of the family, they can also be wise women. Some women are independent and can become a man's right-hand man or think-tank member, using their own judgment of the situation to support the man, also a confidante, also a wise woman.

4.一个成功的男人首先得有物质基础，类似领袖人物要有自己的事业，生活有奔头！最后也是最重要的是家庭和睦，子女争气，其乐融融!不过我认为这是小成功，而大成功是背负大使命，为祖国做贡献！更大责任，具有更大野心！

A successful man must first have a material basis, similar to the leader to have their own business, life has a head start! The last and most important is family harmony, children compete, and their happiness! But I think this is a small success, and the big success is to carry a big mission, to contribute to the motherland! Greater responsibility, with greater ambition!

5.以我从商的角度上看：一个女人自己赚取一定的财富顶多算是能力，而智慧的女人则是引爆身边的男人赚钱给自己花不是？一个成功的男人，自己赚取一定的财富顶多算是成就，而成功的男人则是引爆身边的人融资投资给自己！财富本身就富有流动性，这只是一个个性！

From my business point of view: a woman earning a certain amount of wealth is at best the ability, and the wisdom of the woman is to detonate the men around them to make money to spend on themselves is not? A successful man, they earn a certain amount of wealth is at best considered an achievement, and successful men are detonated around the people around the financing investment to themselves! Wealth itself is rich in mobility, it's just a personality!

6.很羡慕你这样夫妻和睦有事业、有孩子、这样幸福的家庭。羡慕你老婆有你这么优秀的男人。努力工作养家还善良对待朋友热情对待生活

I envy you for being such a harmonious couple with a career, children and such a happy family. I envy your wife for having such a wonderful man like you. Work hard to support the family also kind to treat friends enthusiastic about life

7.成功的女人背后必定有一个男人在支持，指引她

A successful woman must have a man behind her to support and guide her

8.现在都是分享经济时代了，一个人赚钱不算成功，一群人赚钱才算成功，不断的去积攒福报，布施越多，得到的才会更多。帮助别人就是帮助自己

Now it is the era of sharing economy, one person making money is not considered successful, a group of people making money is considered successful, keep accumulating blessings, the more you give, the more you will get. Helping others is helping yourself.

9.人生路上，没有谁能替你遮风避雨，唯有自己，才是你躲雨的屋檐！我就经常和我的朋友沟通，一定要学会思维独立，经济独立，人格独立！

Life on the road, no one can cover you from the wind and rain, only yourself, is your shelter from the rain roof! I often communicate with my friends, must learn to think independently, economic independence, personality independence!

10.我的姑姑本来打算送她的大女儿去英国留学的。现在的教育注重的都是孩子的思维独立和自立的培养。遗憾的是，因为疫情没有去成。

My aunt was planning to send her eldest daughter to study in England. Nowadays, education focuses on the development of independent thinking and self-reliance of children. Unfortunately, it didn't happen because of the epidemic.

切客犹豫：

1、你其实可以直接的和我说的。我也能够理解你的顾虑。既然你不想和我一起学习我也不会勉强你。我是因为发现你有一颗热爱学习的心。所有我才会把这么好的赚钱机会教给你。我不会因为你的拒绝而影响了我们的关系。你就当我没说过，别介意

You can actually talk to me directly. I can also understand your concerns. Since you don't want to study with me I won't force you. I found out that you have a love for learning. That's why I'm teaching you such a great opportunity to make money. I won't let your refusal affect our relationship. Just pretend I never said that, don't mind

2.你在学习在路上就半途而废了，我想我说再多也没用，重在你自身，我也不去多说，不是什么人我都这样对待的，努力是为自己而努力，而不是做给我看。你心中对自己满意就可以了。

You're learning on the road on the halfway, I think I say more useless, heavy in your own, I do not go to say more, not what people I treat this way, efforts are for themselves and not do to me. You can be satisfied with yourself in your mind.

3.好吧，你不想迈出成长的这一步，我也不会勉强你

Well, you do not want to take this step of growth, I will not force you

4.我知道你的生活现状，想着帮助你一把，但是却看不到你的手在哪里.....

I know the current state of your life, thinking to help you a hand, but can not see where your hand .....

5.永远别再还未踏出起点时放弃自己！如果你觉得我说的是你的生活现状的话就听我的话，不听的话就当我没对你说过这些.....

Never give up on yourself again before you step out of the starting point! If you think what I say is the current state of your life then listen to me, if not then pretend that I have not said this to you .....

6.实践学习比纸上谈兵更好

Learning by doing is better than learning on paper

7.迈出第一步，对你来说也是一个很大的帮助，走进一个全新的世界，虽说隔行如隔山，但只要咱们敢迈出这一步，那又有什么山存在呢？

Take the first step, it is also a great help for you to enter a whole new world, although it is said that the other line is like a mountain, but as long as we dare to take this step, then what mountain exists?

8.你第一步都没有勇气迈出去，你这样的心态，我想拉着你的手都看不到你的手

You have no courage to take the first step, you have such a mentality, I want to pull your hand can not see your hand

9.你还不知道吗？这不是钱的问题！你第一步都没有勇气迈出去，我本想着让你跟在一起学点只是，而你一直都在不相信自己！我想帮你，也是无能为力......

Don't you know it yet? It's not about the money! You don't even have the courage to take the first step, I was thinking of letting you learn something with in just, and you keep on not believing in yourself! I want to help you, but there is nothing I can do ......

10.我看着都心疼，我和你说的第二次了，你就是第一步都迈不出去，几百美元很多吗？还是不相信我？所以说我说想帮你也是无能为力..

I look at all the heartache, I and you said the second time, you just can not take the first step out, a few hundred dollars a lot? Still don't believe me? So I said I wanted to help you can not do anything...

11.我也是考虑你的生活现状，所以才会想着从根本上的去辅助你解决问题。你这样的心态，也没有资格去接触这些

I am also considering the current situation of your life, so I will think about the root of the problem to assist you. You are in such a state of mind and not qualified to contact these

12.你说来找我要和我视频这些都是想要去证明我吧？对我的质疑。你质疑我没关系。我做事有自己的原则。我不喜欢表面恭维的人。你以后也不要给我发信息了。我一直把你当我最爱的人一样对待。我甚至每天起床第一件事就拿起手机给你发个信息说早安。你问问自己的心我对你是全心全意吗？虽然我们相遇在网络上。但是我从来不会小看任何人。诚心诚意的去对待，去珍惜我们的缘分。可现在我发现我的爱是廉价的。我们以后不要联系了，我不喜欢表里不一的。我跟我的家人和朋友我都有自己的原则，但是面对你我似乎一点也不重要

All this talk about coming to me and wanting to video me is to try to prove me, right? Questioning me. It's okay for you to question me. I have my own principles of doing things. I don't like superficial compliments. You should not send me messages in the future. I've always treated you like the person I love most. I even get up first thing every day and pick up my phone to send you a message saying good morning. Ask yourself if my heart is wholeheartedly devoted to you? Although we met on the internet. But I never underestimate anyone. Sincerely to treat, to cherish our fate. But now I find that my love is cheap. Let's not contact in the future, I don't like the table. I have my own principles with my family and friends, but facing you I don't seem to matter at all.

13.你问我的并不是贸易本质的问题。因为交易是指进涨跌节点之间的交易。不是你所问的那样。我没看见你学习的那颗心，如果只是向我学习很乐意解答，而你更多的是对我的质疑，你的问题不是向我学习而是戏耍我

What you asked me is not the essence of trade. Because trade is the trade between into up and down nodes. Not what you are asking. I don't see your heart to learn, if only to learn from me happy to answer, and you are more to question me, your question is not to learn from me but to tease me

14.我现在分析一下市场行情，等会选择合适的时机进入市场！你也闲下来了，可以是和我一起实践学习一次，即使闲下来也不能只是坐着发呆，做点有意义的事，学习一些不懂的东西

I am now analyzing the market situation, and will choose the right time to enter the market! You also idle, can be with me to practice learning once, even idle can not just sit and daze, do something meaningful, learn something you do not understand

15.其实我觉得你可以试一试的，虽然不能帮助你赚很多钱，但是也能帮助你跳出自己的思维定势，走出传统模式的那种枯燥！

In fact, I think you can try it, although it can not help you make a lot of money, but also can help you jump out of their own mindset, out of the traditional model of that boring!

16.有我在你不用担心，跟在我的身边一起进步学习就行了，也是体验一次，你不迈出这一步，就不知道未来的发展趋势对你的帮助有多大！

With me in you do not have to worry, with my side together with the progress of learning on the line, but also experience once, you do not take this step, you do not know how much the future development trend to help you!

17.只是一点点钱，我就是想看看你有没有学习的心，只要你有。我帮你出资金也可以

Just a little money, I just want to see if you have the heart to learn, as long as you have. I'll help you out with the money too

18你对自己都没有信心，那么你未来的生活该怎么办。你是准备等到时代的发展要把你淘汰了才会去行动吗！

You have no confidence in yourself, so what are you going to do with your future life. Are you prepared to wait until the times are going to put you out of action!

19.如果你听我的，就跟我一起！只有接触过，才会懂我为什么会叫上你一起学习！我如今所做的，所教给你的，你以后会明白！与其埋怨，不如思变！

If you listen to me, stay with me! Only if you've been exposed will you understand why I called you to study with me! What I do and teach you today, you will understand later! Instead of complaining, you should think about change!

20.算了吧，我也不说了，你这样的心态我也不敢教你，你自己考虑吧！

Forget it, I will not say, you such a mentality I do not dare to teach you, you think about it yourself!

21.学到的是你，赚到的钱也是你的，得到的是你的，我只是想帮助你一点而己，你不学对我没有影响的

Learn is you, earn the money is also yours, get is your, I just want to help you a little and it, you do not learn to me no impact

22.投资理财所有人都在做，我们身边处处是理财吧，何况是加密货币呢，对吧？还有投资加密货币我也只是给你介绍。我没有说要你也投资。你如果想要了解我才会跟你介绍

Investing in money is what everyone is doing, there is money everywhere around us, right, not to mention cryptocurrencies, right? And investing in cryptocurrencies I'm just giving you an introduction. I'm not saying you should invest in them. I will only introduce you if you want to know more about it.

23.

我的投资是不是你自己说要跟我学习的呢。那我比较注重感情。我要今日市场所有我一定会叫你学，这是否代表着我这个人呢有诚意对吗？

Is my investment something you yourself said you wanted to learn from me. Then I am more emotionally oriented. I want to market today all I will definitely call you to learn, does this mean that I am a person who has sincerity right?

24.亲爱的，往往能成大事的人，都不是特别精明的人，深奥的经验也是从基础积累所得来的

Dear, often people who can achieve great things are not particularly astute people, profound experience is also accumulated from the foundation

25.永远抱着学习的心态，知我所能者，尽善尽美，知我所不能者，虚杯若谷的学习

Always have the mentality of learning, knowing what I can do, doing my best, knowing what I can't do, learning with an empty cup.

26.我和你简单的举个例子吧？你考过驾照，教练给你一本理论书，你自己说，如果只是给你看书答题，不给你车摸，你认真学习一年，能学会开车吗？

I and you a simple example, right? You have taken the driving license, the instructor gave you a theory book, you said yourself, if only to you to read the book to answer questions, do not give you the car touch, you seriously study a year, can learn to drive?

27.你不学也没关系，重要的是现在遇上好的赚钱机会，我想着带你做些有意义的投资，增长你的财富吗？ 你也就是小资金跟着我学习，赚多少都不重要，重要的是过程中学到的经验，格局和眼界！

You do not learn it does not matter, the important thing is that now meet a good opportunity to make money, I think to take you to do some meaningful investment, to grow your wealth? You are also a small amount of money to follow me to learn, earn how much is not important, the important thing is the process learned experience, pattern and vision!

28.很多东西都是需要咱们去实践学习的，所以不要枉下定论说不行，不去尝试又怎会有收获？

Many things need us to learn by doing, so do not jump to the conclusion that it does not work, not to try and how can there be gains?

29.如果你是蚂蚁心态，再小的石头都是障碍，用心可以改变自己

If you are an ant mentality, even the smallest stone is an obstacle, the heart can change itself

30.姑姑教会了我很多。他让我从思维方式上有了很大改变，知道了穷人思维和富人思维的区别，也知道了人生的财富终值取决于你是否有投资理念。

My aunt taught me a lot. He made me change a lot from the way I think, knowing the difference between poor people's thinking and rich people's thinking, and knowing that the end value of wealth in life depends on whether you have an investment philosophy or not.

31.她让我知道了越早投资越好！但是最好的开始时间还是现在，只要开始就不晚。而记账是个好习惯，可以更加合理的规划家庭资产的配置。规避不合理的消费，打破思维，做到知行合一。

She taught me that the earlier you invest, the better! But the best time to start is still now, it's never too late to start. And bookkeeping is a good habit to plan the allocation of family assets more rationally. Circumvent unreasonable consumption, break the thinking, and do what you know.

32.心态决定行动，一个错误的认识往往决定了你的行动是错误的，并不是理财就是有财人的专属，正是因为穷，所以我们才更要学习投资

Mindset determines action, a wrong understanding often determines your actions are wrong, and not financial management is the exclusive possession of the wealthy, it is because poor, so we have to learn to invest more

33.理财就是理生活。建立正确的思维方式。要先认清自己现状在树立一个正确的理财理念。找到合适自己的理财方法和投资方式

Managing your money is managing your life. Establish the right way of thinking. To first recognize your current situation in the establishment of a correct financial management concept. Find the right financial management and investment methods for yourself

34.如果不去思考 从来不自我刨析自我检讨，安于现状，在困境无奈的生活停留。不愿改变现状，不愿努力向上，不敢正视自己，活不明白，哪有财可言，所以要改变生活的观念，才有一个正确的理财观念。

If you do not think Never self-analysis self-examination, resting on the status quo, in a difficult and helpless life stay. Unwilling to change the status quo, unwilling to work upward, afraid to face themselves, live without understanding, which has the wealth to speak of, so to change the concept of life, only to have a correct concept of financial management.

35.我要谢谢我的姑姑和分析师团队的帮助和指导让我不断前行，也让我明白在投资理财的道路上，不懂的不要碰。在一个圈子里，思维、格局、想法都会不断地更新和迭代，我们能做的就是不断修炼自己的核心竞争力，成为行业专家。

I want to thank my aunt and the team of analysts for their help and guidance to keep me moving forward, and for making me understand that on the road of investing money, don't touch what you don't understand. In a circle, thinking, pattern, ideas are constantly updated and iterated, what we can do is to constantly refine their core competencies and become industry experts.

36.最后希望能在实践中通过系统的学习和专业老师的帮助，站在巨人的肩膀上，树立正确的投资理念，提高自己的本金和收益率

Finally, I hope that I can stand on the shoulders of giants in practice through systematic learning and the help of professional teachers, establish the correct investment concept, and improve my principal and rate of return

夸赞、鼓励、感悟以及共鸣

：

1.努力并不是非要贪图回报,努力的过程本身就是提升自己，况且自己变得丰饶了，那么也就能够遇见同样优秀的人，视野又得到了新的拓展。更重要的是，通过努力修炼的是内在，比如坚持，决心，克服懒惰，所以啊，就算努力奋斗后失败了，但我还有再次出发的实力。

The process of hard work itself is to improve yourself, and if you become rich, you will be able to meet people who are also good, and your vision will be expanded. What's more, through hard work is to cultivate the inner, such as persistence, determination, overcome laziness, so ah, even if the struggle failed, but I still have the strength to start again.

2.疲惫的生活需要一个温暖的梦，和一个很爱您的人

Tired life needs a warm dream, and a person who loves you very much

3.我们都受过伤，才能成为彼此的太阳

We've all been hurt to be each other's sun

4.上帝将要降落重大责任在一个人身上时。一定要会先使他的内心痛苦，使他的身体劳累，使他经受饥饿，使他肌肤消瘦，使他受贫困之苦，使他做的事颠倒错乱，总不如意，通过那些来使他的内心警觉，使他的性格坚定，增加他不具备的才能.

When God is about to place a great responsibility on a man. He must first cause him to suffer in his heart, to strain his body, to cause him to suffer hunger, to cause him to lose his skin, to cause him to suffer poverty, to cause him to do things upside down and always badly, and through these to make him alert in his heart, to strengthen his character, and to increase his talents which he does not possess.

5.真诚与善良就是最好的品质，与你认识一来，我能够深深的感觉到，心灵美才是真的美

Sincerity and kindness is the best quality, and you know one, I can deeply feel that the beauty of the heart is really beautiful

6.我认为一个人的美丽和帅气，并不仅仅只是外貌能够替代！而是内在的修养，内涵，知性，文化是不可替代的

I believe that a person's beauty and handsomeness is not just a substitute for physical appearance! But the inner cultivation, connotation, knowledge, culture is irreplaceable

7.一个有正确三观的人，与学历无关，我们的知识他不一定在书本上，在生活社会实践中那些通过自我经历去感悟出来的东西是书本上没有的，只有这种根植于自己内心的东西，才是真正的知识！

A person with the right three views, and education has nothing to do with our knowledge he is not necessarily in the books, in the life of social practice of those through self-experience to perceive things that are not in the books, only such things rooted in their own hearts, is the real knowledge!

8.都说会做饭的女人最漂亮，女人就像是那四季的花，每一季都有她千种妩媚，万种风情，女人更像是那林中的蝴蝶，用鲜艳的翅膀吸引着人们的眼球。对吗？

It is said that women who can cook are the most beautiful, women are like the four seasons of flowers, each season has her thousand kinds of charm, ten thousand kinds of style, women are more like the butterfly in the forest, with bright wings to attract people's eyes. Right?

19.每个人的一份细微的成果，背后藏起来的都是曰复一曰的付出，所以我觉得不管是正在拼博的年轻人还是一把年纪还是不断付出的人儿们，成绩怎么不要紧，他们都是最值得尊重的

Everyone's a subtle results, behind the hidden are the day after day to pay, so I think whether it is the young people who are working hard or an old or constantly pay people, how the results do not matter, they are the most worthy of respect

20.所谓铁饭碗，不是在一个地方吃一辈子的饭，而是走到哪里都有饭吃

The so-called iron rice bowl, not in a place to eat a lifetime of rice, but everywhere you go there is food to eat

21.人生活的是一个过程，宁愿遍体鳞伤，也不要蹉跎时光

Human life is a process, prefer to be bruised, rather than wasting time

22.没有人在乎你落魄，没有人在乎你低沉，没有人在乎你孤单，天空不会为你布满乌云，世界不会缺少你失去色彩，成功不是你能不能，而是你要不想要，事业是度人平台，金钱是利人工具，愿意改变比已经改变更重要，如果你是蚂蚁心态，再小的石头都是障碍，用心可以改变自己，勇敢创造能获得成功

No one cares that you are down, no one cares that you are down, no one cares that you are alone, the sky will not be filled with dark clouds for you, the world will not lack you lose color, success is not whether you can, but whether you want it or not, career is a platform for people, money is a tool to benefit people, willing to change is more important than already changed, if you are an ant mentality, then the smallest stone is an obstacle, the heart can change itself, brave creation can achieve success

22.客户夸赞我们事业成功，厉害等

回复： 谢谢你的夸奖。我平常工作上比较严谨严肃，但生活中不失幽默风趣，希望能给身边的朋友带来一丝快乐，同时也快乐着自己 Lol

Thank you for the compliment. I usually work more rigorous and serious, but life is not without humor and fun, I hope to bring a touch of happiness to friends around, but also happy with themselves Lol

23.事业不分大小，而职位则不论高低，更重要的是在其位某其职呢（笑脸）

Career regardless of size, while the position is regardless of high or low, more importantly, in its place a job it

24.根植于内心的修养，无需提醒的自觉，以约束为前提的自由，为别人着想的善良！

The cultivation that is rooted in the heart, the consciousness that needs no reminding, the freedom that is predicated on restraint, the kindness that thinks of others

25.夸赞客户：

能够感觉到你也是一位积极乐观向上的男士，思维独立，经济独立，人格独立（玫瑰）

I can feel that you are also a positive and optimistic man, independent thinking, economic independence, personality independence

26.客户夸赞我们思想、智慧好 和我们差距大

回复：谢谢你的赞美。我很荣幸。我认为做人文采与智慧虽然很重要。但是还有比这更重要的。那就是真诚与善良，你认为呢？

Thank you for the compliment. I'm honored. I think it's important to be literate and intelligent though. But there is something more important than that. That is sincerity and kindness, don't you think?

27.我从来不会低估身边的每一个人，从小我的父亲便教育我，做人要永怀空杯心，常怀度人心，得怀感恩心！古往今来成大事者，皆具此三心不是？（哈哈）

I never underestimate everyone around me. My father has taught me since I was a child that I should always have an empty cup, always have a heart of tolerance, and always have a heart of gratitude. All those who have achieved great things in the past and present have these three hearts, haven't they?

28.人这辈子最幸福的事莫过于：在爱的地方做着最爱的事业，无论成功与否，快乐才是最重要（咖啡）

There is nothing happier in a person's life than to be in the place of love and doing the business you love most, whether successful or not, happiness is the most important thing.

29.客户二次夸我们厉害

回复：（害羞）你对我的评价太高了，我很荣幸在你眼中我这么特别。不是我厉害，而是与你这么阳光幽默的绅士交流，激活了我的大脑，是你给了我灵感呢。Lol

You speak so highly of me and I'm honored that I'm so special in your eyes. It's not that I'm great, it's that communicating with such a sunny and humorous gentleman like you activates my brain and it's you who gives me inspiration. lol

30.客户说自己见识不够，还要跟我学习

回复：相互交流学习，希望可以成为彼此的良师益友。相识最大的意义便是取彼之长，补己之短不是? 我也有需要向你学习的地方呢。Lol

We hope that we can become each other's mentor and friend. The greatest meaning of knowing each other is to take their strengths and make up for their weaknesses, right? I also have something to learn from you. lol

31.我也只是一个平凡的普通人，只是有着一颗不甘于平凡的心（憨笑）

I am also just an ordinary, ordinary person, but with a heart that is not willing to be ordinary

32.简单的交流当中便可以感受到您是一位幽默有趣的男士

You can feel that you are a funny and interesting man in a simple communication

33.非常有幸与能够与你相识。每个人都有着属于自己的磁场，彼此吸引着志同道合的人，希望能够成为彼此的良师益友、

I am very fortunate to have met you. Everyone has their own magnetic field, attracting like-minded people to each other, hoping to become each other's mentor and friend

34.夸赞客户勤劳的句子

你热爱学习的精神就像勤劳、刻苦的小蜜蜂，每天不辞辛劳的到处采蜜，很棒！

Your love of learning is like a hard-working, diligent bee that works tirelessly every day to gather honey everywhere.

35.我对待生活的态度： 我对待生活态度比较认真，也许是一颗小草，一株花儿......人或者年活的就是心态，修行，认真而又用心对待好生活中每一件细微的小事，那便就是一种修行不是？（哈哈）

I treat life attitude is more serious, perhaps a small grass, a flower ...... People or years of living is the mindset, practice, serious and attentive to treat every little thing in life, it is a practice is not?

36.任何事物都存在阴阳两面，但是我认为既然选择了，就不必太过于在乎结局，太过于在乎结局反而容易影响到自己的心态不是？（哈哈）

There are yin and yang sides to everything, but I think since the choice, you do not have to care too much about the end, too much care about the end rather easy to affect their mindset, right?

37.正所谓仁者见仁智者见智呀。赞同

As the saying goes, the benevolent see the wisdom of the wise ah. Agree

38.我记得有句话是这样说的:一个人想要幸福，那就不能太聪明，当然也不能太笨，介于聪明与笨之间，便叫智慧（赞）

I remember a saying: a person wants to be happy, it can not be too smart, of course, can not be too stupid, between the smart and stupid, it is called wisdom

39.客户如果说自己比较笨

我不这样认为！聪明是一种天赋，而善良则是一种选择，在我看来善良比聪明更难得（玫瑰）

I don't think so! Intelligence is a gift, while kindness is a choice, and in my opinion kindness is more rare than intelligence

40.我认为生而为人，最重要的便是真诚与善良了，我始终坚信我们的真诚，我们的善良便是我们的财富（握手）

I think the most important thing is to be born as a human being is sincerity and kindness, I always believe that our sincerity, our kindness is our wealth

41.世间万物皆是有迹可循！

All things in the world are traceable

42.其实最快老去的不是咱们的容颜与年纪，而是最初那颗具有闯劲的心！

In fact, the fastest aging is not our face and age, but the initial heart with the courage to break through

43.客户认为害怕失去就不想去得到了，问我会这样吗？

回答：那是因为你还不能忘记过去，其实我们活在这个世界上，没有任何是属于我们的！人始于娘胎，终于木盒。生命的尽头我们能带走什么呢？房子，车子，现金，都不是，咱们能带走的只有那经历过坎坷后已经升华的灵魂罢了不是？

That's because you can not yet forget the past, in fact, we live in this world, there is nothing that belongs to us! People begin in the mother's womb and end in a wooden box. What can we take away at the end of life? House, car, cash, are not, we can take away only the soul that has been sublimated after experiencing hardships, is not it?

44.万物皆为我所用，万物皆不为我所有！如此便不会过于在意得失了，许多时候咱们需要的便就是换个角度去思考人生（哈哈）

Everything is for my use, everything is not for me! So that we do not care too much about gain and loss, many times we need is to think about life from a different perspective

45.人与人的相处，刚开始都是比较谨慎，随着彼此的认可自然而然也就放松慢慢的打开心扉来了，但是我感觉我们聊天直接跳过这个过程了一样，恰遇知己的感觉。

People and people get along, at first are more cautious, with the recognition of each other naturally also relax slowly open heart to come, but I feel that we chat directly skipped this process, just like the feeling of meeting a confidant.

46.人生就是一场修行！往往人生的修行太广泛了，需要咱们借助一件事来聚焦专注修行！“事业和企业”就是最好的载体！

Life is a practice! Often the practice of life is so broad that we need to use one thing to focus on the practice! The best vehicle is "business and enterprise"!

47.咱们生活在这个世界上，就是一个不断实践，不断学习的过程，活到老学到老！ 知我所能者，尽善尽美，知我所不能者，虚怀若谷！ 能够感觉到你也是一个认真对待生活，真诚善良爱学习的人

We live in this world, is a continuous practice, the process of continuous learning, live and learn! Those who know what I can do, do their best, and those who know what I can't do, are open-minded! I can feel that you are also a serious about life, sincere and kind people who love to learn!

48.（诠释地区的美）： 每一个地区都有它优秀的一面，也都有美丽的地方，关键需要我们耐心的去发现，对于旅行，我们脑子里的观念就是，那些即将要去的地方，都是素未谋面的地方不是？

Every region has its excellent side, there are also beautiful places, the key requires our patience to discover, for travel, the concept in our head is that those who are about to go to places that have never met, are not?

50.其实我们的人生正如旅行一般，在乎的不是目的地，而是沿途的风景，以及看风景的心情。

In fact, our life is just like a trip, care not about the destination, but the scenery along the way, and the mood to see the scenery.

51.（晚安时给客户推荐书籍 ）

有时间哥给你推荐几本好的书籍，补习一下大脑，多学习开拓自己的大脑

There is time brother to recommend you a few good books, refresh your brain, more learning to develop their brains

52.（生命的意义）

每个人的人生都有不同的人生意义，而我们人生意义其实无外乎三点：付出、创造与收获，不断付出，不断创造，不断收获，也许收获的不是财富，但它一定会让我们人生更精彩，每一个不曾起舞的日子都是对生命的辜负

Everyone's life has a different meaning of life, and the meaning of our life is actually nothing more than three points: pay, create and harvest, keep paying, keep creating, keep harvesting, maybe the harvest is not wealth, but it will definitely make our life more exciting, every day that has not danced is a disappointment to life

53.（细节决定成败）

注重细节和不注重细节,可能导致一件事情的成功或失败，也是一种哲理哲思,指的是讲究细节能决定事件的走向，可也有成大事者不拘小节一说，仁者见仁，智者见智吧，这是我个人理解

Attention to detail and do not pay attention to detail, may lead to the success or failure of a thing, but also a philosophical philosophy, referring to the details of the event can determine the direction of the event, but there are also great people do not stick to the small details, the benevolent, the wise, it is my personal understanding

54.（机会的重要性）

对，机会永远都是留给有准备的人，这世上也不欠缺努力的人，但真正能成功的寥寥无几，这也便是我们都在说的成功绝非偶然

Yes, the opportunity is always left to those who are prepared, and there is no shortage of people who work hard, but only a few can really succeed, and this is what we are saying that success is no accident.

55.（疫情下产品的行情好、对产品的一个包装）

最近股市的行情确实很好，但是对于不熟悉的散户来说，如何选择个股，尤为重要！股市大盘上涨，下半年的牛市，已经是必然的趋势！

The recent stock market is really good, but for unfamiliar retail investors, how to choose individual stocks, especially important! The stock market is rising in the general market, the second half of the bull market, is already an inevitable trend!

56.作为一个合格的投资者。我们最需要注意的的就是赌徒心态，首先要以稳健为基础，以数据信息分析加资金规划为手段，以风险为边界，以收益为目的，选择合适的时机入场，力求在市场的浪潮中做一个稳健的钓鱼者，稳定的的捕捉鱼儿

As a qualified investor. The most important thing we need to pay attention to is the gambler's mentality, first of all, we should take a steady basis, data and information analysis plus capital planning as a means to risk as a boundary, to gain, to choose the right time to enter, and strive to be a steady angler in the waves of the market, a steady catch of fish

57.最近股市的行情确实很好，但是对于不熟悉的散户来说，如何选择个股，尤为重要！股市大盘上涨，下半年的牛市，已经是必然的趋势！

The recent stock market is really good, but for unfamiliar retail investors, how to choose individual stocks, especially important! The stock market is rising in the general market, the second half of the bull market, is already an inevitable trend!

59.疫情虽然是危机，但目前而言，对我们更是一次机会！一次通过投资保护自己的机会！ 但是我正在做的加密货币超短期交易，并不是股票，利用加密货币的节点，判断波段的涨跌，从而选择适合当天获利的硬币进行双向交易，获利周期只需要30秒。相较于股票来说，它的资金与操作都更为灵活，风险自我掌控，这也是我选择它的原因之一

The epidemic may be a crisis, but for now, it's an opportunity for us! An opportunity to protect ourselves by investing! But the cryptocurrency ultra-short term trading I am doing is not a stock, using the nodes of the cryptocurrency to judge the rise and fall of the wave, so as to choose the coin suitable for the profit of the day for two-way trading, the profit cycle only takes 30 seconds. Compared to stocks, it is more flexible in terms of capital and operation, and the risk is self-controlled, which is one of the reasons why I choose it

60.一生能够积累多少财富，不取决于你能够赚多少钱，而取决于你如何投资理财，钱找人胜过人找钱，要懂得钱为你工作，而不是你为钱工作。

How much wealth you can accumulate in a lifetime does not depend on how much money you can earn, but on how you invest your money, money looking for people is better than people looking for money, to know that money works for you, not you work for money.

61.（不惧怕失败）

信天道酬勤，事在人为,只要奋斗了，就不会有失败，就算事没成，但也会从中学到一些教训，这也算是收获。

As long as we struggle, there will be no failure, even if things don't work out, we will learn some lessons from it, which is also a harvest.

62.（平常心）

平常心对待，执着心追求，其实很多时候是咱们把结果看得太重要了！太过于在意结果反而会导致咱们做事的过程当中会畏手畏脚！

The ordinary mind to treat, persistent heart to pursue, in fact, many times we see the results are too important! Too much attention to the results will lead us to do things in the process will be fearful

63.（做人感悟）

其实我们做人，就是在做一个引路人，当我们点亮身边人的心灵之灯时，也许这个人正是下一个马克思，也许这个人恰是下一个爱因斯坦，或许只是因为我们不经意的一句话，被他奉为真理当做自己的人生格言，传了出去最后影响了人类......Lol

In fact, we do people, is to be a guide, when we light up the lights of the hearts of people around us, maybe this person is the next Marx, maybe this person is exactly the next Einstein, maybe just because we do not think of a sentence, was he held as the truth as his own life motto, passed out and finally affected the human ..... Lol

64.（读书静心）

我以前脾气很火爆，容易被事物所影响我的心，后来喜欢上了阅读，时间让自己沉淀，内心才逐渐沉稳

I used to be very hot-tempered, easy to be affected by things in my heart, and then like to read, time to let themselves settle, only gradually calm inside

65.（人生需要学会看淡）

我们真正需要的，其实很简单，或许是一缕清风，几片白云，数处风景，唯有淡，才能找到我们生命的本真。人生百味，浓缩到最后，就是一个淡字。奋斗是盐，少了它，再好的人生佳肴，都没有任何的味道。

What we really need is actually very simple, perhaps a breeze, a few white clouds, several scenery, only light, in order to find the true nature of our lives. The only way to find the true nature of our life is to be light. Struggle is the salt, without it, even the best delicacies of life will not have any taste.

66.（坚强）

内心的强大的人，能够稀释一切痛苦和哀愁；内心的强大，能够有效弥补你外在的不足；内心强大，能让你无所畏惧地走在大路上，感到自己的思想，高过所有的建筑和山峰！

A strong inner person can dilute all pain and sorrow; a strong inner person can effectively compensate for your external deficiencies; a strong inner person can make you fearlessly walk on the main road and feel your thoughts, high above all buildings and mountains!

68.（责任）

其实咱们的人生就像是一场带着责任而来的旅行，背着背篓，一路上不停的往自己的背篓里捡石子！ 捡到背篓里的每一块石子，都是我们的责任，虽然越来越重，但是却幸福着，开心着..

In fact, our life is like a trip with responsibility, carrying a back basket, and constantly picking up stones in our own back basket along the way! Every stone we pick up in the basket is our responsibility, and although it is getting heavier and heavier, we are happy and joyful...

69.（客户说她文化低）

文化！其实我们生活中总有人喜欢说“没文化，真可怕”那么文化到底是什么呢？

Culture! In fact, there are always people in our life who like to say "no culture, it's terrible", so what is culture in the end?

70.真正的文化不是懂得多少专业知识，真正的文化应该分为四个点：根植于内心的修养，无需提醒的自觉，以约束为前提的自由，为别人着想的善良！我觉得这才是真正的文化！

True culture is not knowing how much expertise, true culture should be divided into four points: cultivation rooted in the heart, self-awareness without reminders, freedom with constraints, and kindness for the sake of others! I think that's the real culture!

71.（三观）

一个有正确三观的人，与学历无关，我们的知识它不一定在书本上，在生活社会实践中那些通过自我经历去感悟出来的东西书本上是没有的，只有这种根植于自己内心的东西，才是真正的知识！

A person with the right three views, and education has nothing to do with our knowledge it is not necessarily in the books, in the life of social practice those through self-experience to perceive things that are not on the books, only such things rooted in their own hearts, is the real knowledge!

72.（责任与担当）

在我看来，我们生而为人，不管是男人还是女人，最重要的便就是责任与担当，我们生命当中所出现的很多人，都是我们的责任，我们的担当。一个人只有拥有足够强烈的责任心，他才能够为社会，为自己，为家人创造更多的价值！

In my opinion, we are born as human beings, whether they are men or women, the most important thing is responsibility and commitment, and many of the people in our lives are our responsibility, our commitment. A person only has a strong enough sense of responsibility, he will be able to create more value for society, for themselves, for their families!

73.（人生意义）

我觉得每一个人生而就是平凡的，活在这个世界上活得有没有意义，过得有没有意思，完全取决于我们思想得高度觉悟。我不知道这个世界上有没有因果循环，有没有善有善报，恶有恶报。但是我知道做一件有意义的善举会让我们自己得到什么，不管是现实和精神上的，我们都会得到一个很美妙得满足感。

I think that everyone is born ordinary, living in this world has no meaning, living has no meaning, depends entirely on our minds to a high degree of awareness. I don't know whether there is a cycle of karma in this world, whether there is a good reward for good and an evil reward for evil. But I know that doing a meaningful good deed will get us something, no matter it is realistic or spiritual, we will get a wonderful sense of satisfaction.

74.（做事有规划）

我是一个做事十分讲规划的人，把80%的精力放到眼下，10%的精力在过去（9%用来从经历中成长，1%缅怀过去），10%用在未来（9%用在近期规划，1%用在中期和长期规划）！

I am a person who does things very much on planning, putting 80% of my energy into the present, 10% in the past (9% to grow from the experience, 1% to remember the past), and 10% in the future (9% for immediate planning, 1% for medium and long-term planning)!

75.(问客户）

你知道我为什么喜欢和你聊天吗？

Do you know why I like talking to you?

76.那是因为从和你的聊天中，我能感受出和你有一种将心比心的感觉，而且很愿意把自己内心的想法与你分享，恰如知己的感同身受，甚至并不陌生

That is because from chatting with you, I can feel and you have a feeling of heart to heart, and very willing to share their inner thoughts with you, just like a confidant's empathy, and even not a stranger

77.（和客户聊天晚上断聊打趣）

打趣：和你聊天总是时光如流水，转眼又是昨天这个时候。又到了咱们细胞该休息的时候了，让它们放松一下吧！

Talking to you is always time running like water, and it's this time yesterday again. It's time for our cells to rest again, let them relax!

78.（当下中国经济市场）

现在世界经济结构发生很大变化，消费在经济增长中起主要拉动作用，而且中小微企业在吸纳就业中占90%以上。企业采取的规模性政策，用了70%左右的资金直接或比较直接地去支撑居民收入，这样做可以促进消费、带动市场。

Now the structure of the world economy has changed greatly, consumption plays a major pulling role in economic growth, and small, medium and micro enterprises account for more than 90% of the employment absorbed. The scale policy adopted by enterprises uses about 70% of the funds directly or more directly to support the income of residents, which can promote consumption and drive the market.

79.缘分使然，凡事都有偶然的凑巧，结局都是宿命的必然，我们的人生正如一场旅行，而在路上遇见的每一个人都是我们生命的责任，我们生命的担当！

Fate makes everything happen by chance, and the ending is a predestined inevitability, our life is like a journey, and everyone we meet on the way is our life's responsibility, our life's responsibility!

81.对于学习而言，我和你有着相同的认知，喜欢去探索未知领域，知我所能者，尽善尽美，知我所不能者，虚怀若谷！

For learning, I have the same perception as you, like to explore the unknown, know what I can do, the best, know what I can't, the vain as a valley!

82.也许是因为年代，命运这东西我们无法解释，人生不在于你抓到了什么牌，而在于打好自己手中的牌！

Maybe it's because of the times, fate is something we can't explain, life is not about what cards you catch, but about playing the cards in your own hands!

83（疫情对行业的影响）

全球下滑，好比金融危机一样，因为所有的生产链无法生产，世界相当于一个暂停且消耗状态，前半年很多企业受到连带影响，不过现在慢慢的有好转。

The global downturn, like the financial crisis, because all production chains are unable to produce, the world is equivalent to a state of suspension and consumption, the first half of the year many companies are affected by the collateral effect, but now slowly improve.

84.贷款还行，因为疫情的影响，淘汰了很多中小企业，有的还能支撑的不是需要融资就是要贷款来维持，所以贷款的话还是现在能行的

Loans are okay, because the impact of the epidemic, eliminated many small and medium-sized enterprises, some can still support either the need for financing or loans to maintain, so the loan is still now able to work

85.其实我觉得社群经济非常适合我们现在企业的发展，社群经济是一种以满足人的精神需求，平衡人的物质生活与精神生活为主要目标的经济形态！而社群经济至关重要的五个点则是：”魂“是指以价值观为旗帜

In fact, I think the community economy is very suitable for the development of our enterprises now. The community economy is an economic form with the main goal of meeting people's spiritual needs and balancing their material and spiritual lives! The five points that are crucial to the community economy are: "Soul" refers to the values as the banner

86.旗袍，恰如其分的展现女人的美，举手抬足，那炼达，那从容，那优雅，一丝一丝，无声无息的显露出来，另人叹服它的惊艳之美。我很喜欢这一点

Cheongsam, just right to show the beauty of the woman, lifting hands and feet, that refinement, that calm, that elegance, a trace, silent reveal, another person marveled at its stunning beauty. I really like this

87.和你聊天我有一种相见恨晚的感觉，但美好的时光总是过的很快，时间也不早了，你早些休息

I have a feeling of hating each other when I talk to you, but the good times always pass quickly, and it's getting late, you get some rest.

88.鉴以往以知未来！ 其实我觉得吧，人并没有预测未来的能力，咱们更多的应该是在为未来可能出现的改变而做好准备！ 未雨绸缪，有备而无患

Learn from the past to know the future! In fact, I think it, people do not have the ability to predict the future, we should be more in the future for the possible changes and ready! Prepare for a rainy day, and be prepared!

89.和你说句心里话。我对待你从一开始的误会事件到相识之后再用心去接受的一个朋友。我觉得很幸福，比起曾经背叛我的爱人。我已经很久没有和一位素不相识的人谈吐那么多心扉，甚至我愿意把我的经历都告诉你，可想而知你在我的心中的地位是有多高！

And you say a word from the heart. I treat you from the beginning of the incident of misunderstanding to acquaintance and then heart to accept a friend. I feel very happy, compared to the lover who once betrayed me. I have not talked so much with a person I do not know for a long time, even I am willing to tell you all my experience, you can imagine how high you are in my heart!

90.我很荣幸能够感染到你。很多时候，豁然开朗过后，我们会发现一切都太简单了，大道至简！

I am honored to be able to infect you. Many times, after the clarity, we will find that everything is too simple, the road to simplicity!

91.喜欢这样幽默，风趣的，阳光智慧的你（玫瑰）

Like such a humorous, funny, sunny and intelligent you

92.我特别喜欢【胜利法则】这本书，当中有一句话让我印象十分深刻：倘若你的使命是扫大街，你就像米开朗基罗画画那样去扫；像贝多芬作曲那样去扫；像莎士比亚作诗那样去扫。你要将大街扫的好到天上地下的众使者都要停下来说：看！这是个将街道扫得多么好的清道夫啊！

I especially like the book [Law of Victory], there is a sentence that impressed me very much: If your mission is to sweep the street, you sweep like Michelangelo painting; like Beethoven composing; like Shakespeare poetry. You will sweep the streets so well that all the messengers from heaven and earth will stop and say: Look! What a sweeper of the streets this is!

93.这让我想到了日本国宝级匠人新津春子，那个把东京羽田机场打扫成为世界上最干净机场的清洁工。她，就是艺术家一般的清道夫。

It reminds me of Haruko Shinzu, the Japanese national treasure craftsman, the cleaner who cleaned Tokyo Haneda Airport to become the cleanest airport in the world. She, the scavenger in general, is the artist.

94.是的，我们都是普通人，我们可能终其一生也无法像书中的那些伟大的人物一样名垂青史。可是我们平凡的生活难道就不值得我们倾其一生所有的努力和热情去过好它、让它更美好吗？很多时候我们应该思考，我们自己确立过一个小目标吗？为它奋斗努力过吗？我们抱怨自己的生活无聊、工作无趣，我们有像米开朗基罗、贝多芬、莎士比亚那样、像对待艺术一样对待自己的生活和工作了吗？

Yes, we are all ordinary people, and we may not be as famous as the great characters in the book in our lifetime. But isn't our ordinary life worth all the effort and enthusiasm we put into it to make it better and more beautiful? Many times we should think, have we ever set a small goal for ourselves? Have we worked hard for it? We complain that our lives are boring and our work is uninteresting, but have we treated our lives and work like art, like Michelangelo, Beethoven and Shakespeare?

走心：

1.其实想想我们披荆斩棘走过这么多年。当初为的就是富足的看来不错的的物质生活状态。现在我们却活成了这世间的那一份执着。现在想想全身而退，不再是那一份执着，现在想全身而退。确不是那么容易，因为有情感，有悲伤，百感交集，就是剩下舍不得。这是我的感受

In fact, think about our thorny walk through so many years. At the beginning for the affluent seems good material life state. Now we are living into that obsession in this world. Now think about the whole body and back, is no longer that a persistent, now want to whole body and back. It is not so easy, because there are emotions, there is sadness, a mix of feelings, is left to give up. This is how I feel

2.人生在世，其实根本不在于赚了多少钱，而在于人生丰富的程度，我们一辈子会遇到很多的人，形形色色，我们最幸运的就是遇见一个可以刷新我们对这个世界认知的人！

Life in the world, in fact, does not lie at all in the amount of money earned, but in the degree of life richness, we will meet a lot of people in our lives, all kinds of people, we are most fortunate to meet a person who can refresh our perception of the world!

3.很多时候我常常在想，咱们这辈子其实不过短短的三万天而已，古话说得好啊：人到七十古来稀，十年老弱，十年少小，还剩50年，50年再分日夜，咱们就只剩25年光景了！ 这25年，有人选择守护自己家庭，有人选择碌碌无为，还有人选择成为开创时代的伟人，为这个社会创造更多的价值！

Many times I often think, our life is actually only a short 30,000 days, the old saying: people to 70 years old, ten years old, ten years young, 50 years left, 50 years and then divided into days and nights, we only have 25 years of light! In these 25 years, some people choose to protect their families, some choose to do nothing, and others choose to become the great man of the era, to create more value for the society!

4.哈哈，算是吧！ 人以类聚，物以群分，我一直坚信只有同等能量的人才能够相互识别

Haha, sort of! I always believe that only people of equal energy can recognize each other!

5.我们拥有怎样的人生，其实都是我们自己选择的，我的曾经同样是一个平平淡淡，尘世中的一粒砂土！我从不会看不起任何人，同时也不会在任何人面显得卑微，每一个人的人生都是不一样的，我可以比别人若弱，但我会努力超越自己，超越任何人都没有超越自己来得有意义！

What kind of life we have, in fact, is our own choice, my once was also a mediocre, a grain of sand in the world! I never look down on anyone, and at the same time will not look humble in anyone's face, everyone's life is different, I can be weaker than others, but I will try to surpass myself, surpassing anyone is not surpassing themselves to have meaning!

6.本就短暂的一生，为什么要让它过得没有一点激情呢？ 对我们的事业或者是感情，我觉得，我都希望它能够精彩，哪怕一点点，过程或许会很艰苦，但我觉得苦过之后的甜才是最甜的

This is a short life, why let it live without a little passion? For our career or relationship, I think, I hope it can be wonderful, even a little, the process may be very hard, but I think the sweet after the bitter is the sweetest

7.其实你表面上看起来阳光充满斗志，但是你的内心应该是极其温柔的！只是没有表现出来，也没人发现而已

In fact, you look sunny and full of fighting spirit on the surface, but your heart should be extremely gentle! Just did not show it, and no one found it

8.你虽然你可能不太善于言辞，但是却有着许多人都没有的另外一种珍贵的东西！知道是什么吗？

You, although you may not be very articulate, have another precious thing that many people don't have! Know what it is?

9.其实每个人一生下来都是单纯美好，清澈透明的，但随着年龄不断增长，许多人的内心会随着外界环境的一些因素变得越来越世俗与自私，变得不像自己，会被这个社会渐渐同化 ！一个人能够自始至终保持初心是最难能可贵的！特别欣赏你这样勇敢的追寻自己想要的生活，且真诚善良的对待身边的朋友！

In fact, everyone is born pure and beautiful, clear and transparent, but as we grow older, many people's hearts will become more and more worldly and selfish with some factors of the external environment, becoming unlike themselves, will be gradually assimilated by the society! A person can maintain the original heart from the beginning to the end is the most valuable! I especially appreciate your courageous pursuit of your own life, and sincere and kind treatment of friends around you!

10.因为我平时其实也很少在电报中聊天，和你我们也算是久逢知己了，我的身边主要都是一些商场或者官场上的朋友，与他们交流其实就是一种斗争！有时会觉得整个人都非常的累！但是和你聊天给了我不一样的感觉！

Because I usually actually rarely chat in the telegram, and you we are also considered a long time to meet friends, my side are mainly some shopping malls or official friends, and they are actually a struggle to communicate! Sometimes I feel that the whole person is very tired! But chatting with you gave me a different feeling!

11.说来确实十分奇妙，说不清，道不明的感觉！有的人相识几年都不会有这种感觉，而有的人，仅仅相识几日便如同许久的老朋友一般！

It is indeed very wonderful, indefinable, indefinable feeling! Some people know each other for several years will not have this feeling, while some people, just a few days of acquaintance will be like a long time old friends!

12.其实我很珍惜我们这段感情，我平时一般也不怎么看电报的。我平时就是看看书看看新闻。如果不是这误会，我们或许这辈子也不会相识。但这似乎就是上天注定的。让我加到了你。而且你给了我不一样的感觉。每次和你聊天我都会不由自主的笑起来。但是所有人都不会明白莫对于我是多么的重要，你仿佛就是我的一方净土世界，所以我会一直陪伴你，对你不离不弃，不管以后发生什么，贫穷还是富有，我都不会离开你

In fact, I cherish our relationship, and I usually don't read the telegram much. I usually just read a book and watch the news. If it wasn't for this misunderstanding, we probably wouldn't have met in this life. But this seems to be God's destiny. Let me add to you. And you gave me a different feeling. Every time I chat with you I can't help but smile. But everyone will not understand how important Mo is to me, you seem to be my side of the net world, so I will always accompany you, you will not leave, no matter what happens later, poor or rich, I will not leave you

14.我能理解，男人要的其实并不多，有着一个幸福的家庭就够了。可是事与愿违。你的性格子坚韧不拔。却为了一个女人决然的忍下来所有的事，你希望会有好的未来，但是那个人不懂得珍惜

I can understand that what men want is not much, it is enough to have a happy family. But it's not what you want. Your character is tough and unyielding. But for a woman decided to put up with all the things, you hope there will be a good future, but that person does not know how to cherish

15.别说是一个男人承担了所有的压力。换做一个女人她会被逼疯。如果不是为了照顾你的孩子。你可以活的更自由，但是你没有这么做。我能感受到你的心痛。有句话是这么说的，如果你给我的东西，没有兑现，那我宁可自己一人

Not to say that a man took on all the pressure. Change a woman and she will be driven crazy. If it wasn't for taking care of your children. You could have lived more freely, but you didn't do it. I can feel your heartache. There's a saying that if you give me something that doesn't deliver, then I'd rather be on my own

16.决定没有正不正确，就算回到过去，其实你还会一样的选择，不是吗？当时的经历，想法，阅历，你做不出更好的选择

There is no right or wrong decision, even if you go back in time, in fact, you will still choose the same, right? At that time, the experience, ideas, experience, you can not make a better choice

17.若是此时在你身边，一定给你一个拥抱给你我的亲吻

If I were by your side at this time, I would give you a hug and give you a kiss from me

18.你这么多年都一个人坚持走过来了。我现在感受到了只有心疼却做不了什么。我能做的就是未来做好一个妻子的责任，陪伴你，照顾好我的家人！

You have come alone for so many years. I now feel only heartache but can not do anything. All I can do is to do a good job in the future as a wife's responsibility, accompany you, take care of my family!

劝离婚：

1.低质量的婚姻没有高质量的单身好

Low-quality marriage is not as good as high-quality singles

2.我一直都认为人们应该是因为爱情而结婚。而婚姻最好的模样也应该是你爱一个人，想和对方长长久久的生活在一起，愿意和对方一起承担风风雨雨，想要和对方面对生活。于是，两个人依靠自己的力量建造了一个家，有了爱情的结晶，一生一世，白首不相离。

I have always believed that people should get married because of love. And the best look of marriage should also be that you love someone, want to live with each other for a long time, willing to bear the storm with each other, want to face life with each other. So, two people rely on their own strength to build a home, with the crystallization of love, a lifetime, the white head never leave each other.

3.不知道从什么时候起，婚姻这个东西已然没有那么纯粹。太多人把婚姻当成了一个到一定年龄就必须要完成的任务。为了孩子为了为了家庭这样的说法成了一种社会现象！我很不喜欢观念

I don't know when the marriage thing has become less pure. Too many people treat marriage as a task that must be completed by a certain age. For the sake of the children for the sake of the family such a statement has become a social phenomenon! I really dislike the idea

4.还有很多地方的家庭把没有结婚认为是一种难以启齿的行为。很多父母会因为孩子那么年龄很大了还没结婚而抬不起头。而年轻人自己也会被来自方方面面的压力弄的喘不过气。这种几乎变态的观念又毁了多少人呢！

There are also many places where families consider not being married to be an unspeakable act. Many parents can't hold their heads up because their children are so old and still unmarried. And young people themselves will be pressured from all sides to get out of breath. How many people are ruined by this almost perverted concept!

5.于是，很多人就此妥协，不再去痴痴等待爱情的到来，而是接受家人的介绍，和一个差不多的人结婚。组建了家庭开始了一场噩梦般的生活

So, many people compromise on this and stop waiting for love to come, but accept the introduction of family members and marry a similar person. Formed a family began a nightmarish life

6.这样的感情，不好不坏，不温不火，谈不上爱也说不上不爱。可也就是这样的感情，可能会让我们日后的婚姻生活出现很多问题不是吗？

This kind of feelings, not good or bad, not warm or hot, not to talk about love and not to say not love. But also this kind of feelings, may make our future married life a lot of problems, right?

7.两个来自不同家庭的人突然要生活在一起，所有的细节问题都需要适应，大到房子装修的风格，小到床单是什么颜色，都会产生矛盾和争执。而这个时候，就需要爱来适应，如果你们是闪婚，根本就没什么感情基础，那就一定会爆发出更大的矛盾。

Two people from different families suddenly have to live together, all the details of the problem need to adapt, from the style of house decoration to the small to what color the bed sheets are, will produce contradictions and arguments. And this time, you need to love to adapt, if you are flash marriage, there is little emotional foundation, it will certainly break out a greater conflict.

8.就这样其中很多人后悔了当初的选择，觉得不应该那么草率的结束单身走入婚姻，可就算是这样，你也下不了决心走出离婚这一步。因为你害怕世俗大众的目光和父母的唠叨，你害怕面对那些嘲笑的声音和家人的失望

In this way many of them regret their choice and feel that they should not be so hasty to end their singleness and enter into marriage, but even so, you can not resolve to take this step out of divorce. Because you are afraid of the eyes of the world and parents' nagging, you are afraid to face those ridiculing voices and the disappointment of your family

9.就这样，很多人再次决定妥协和忍耐。可是，让这些人扪心自问，就真的那么需要一个婚姻吗？难道无论多么低质量的婚姻都会比单身好吗？这个答案是不确定的

And so, once again, many people decide to compromise and endure. But, let these people ask themselves, is it really that necessary to have a marriage? Is a marriage, no matter how low quality, better than being single? The answer to this is not certain

10.太多人给婚姻贴上了一个崇高的标签，却给单身下了一个不堪的定义，所以就给了太多年轻男女错的引导，总是让大家觉得，宁可在失败的婚姻里哭也不在成功的单身里笑。可这样的结果，就是害人害己，毁了自己的一生不说，可能还会给下一代人带来无穷尽的痛苦。这是我的观点

Too many people have given marriage a noble label, but gave a definition of single unpleasant, so it gave too many young men and women the wrong guidance, always making everyone feel that they would rather cry in a failed marriage than laugh in a successful single. But the result is that it hurts people and themselves, ruining their own lives not to mention the endless pain that may be brought to the next generation. This is my point of view

10.这就是我一直对婚姻的看法，所以对你这些年的选择我是赞同的！你没有做错什么，也无须愧疚

That's the way I've always viewed marriage, so I agree with you on your choices over the years! You have done nothing wrong and need not feel guilty

11.最起码单身的我，可以爱我所爱，恨我所恨，最起码单身的我，可以拥有作为一个人基本的自由和尊严。

At least single I can love what I love, hate what I hate, at least single I can have the basic freedom and dignity as a human being.

12.低质量的婚姻，还不如高质量的单身，与其在这段不适合你的婚姻里沉沦，还不如果断转身，在单身的的岁月里好好走下去。这样，不论是对自己还是对孩子，可能都会是最好的结果。

A low quality marriage is better than a high quality single, instead of sinking in this marriage that is not suitable for you, why not if you turn around and go on well in the years of singleness. This, whether for yourself or for your children, may be the best result.

13.不合适就是不合适，不管曾经付出了什么，为了之前已经失去的再搭上之后的一生，那一定是最傻的。

Not suitable is not suitable, no matter what once paid, in order to have lost before and then take the life after, that must be the most stupid

14.低质量的婚姻还不如高质量的单身，与其和这个女人在这场婚姻中相互折磨，让孩子从小就生活在这样一个父母不爱的环境中，还不如及时抽身。不管什么时候醒悟，都不会晚，因为早一分钟离开错的人，就有可能早一分钟遇见对的人。

A low quality marriage is not as good as a high quality single, instead of tormenting each other with this woman in this marriage, so that the children grow up living in such an environment of unloving parents, it is better to pull out in time. No matter when you wake up, it's never too late, because if you leave the wrong person a minute earlier, you may meet the right person a minute earlier.

15.就算这一辈子都不能再遇见爱情，那也要自己好好活，因为现在，自己才算是可以真正自由的呼吸，而不是每天都那样小心翼翼。

Even if you can't meet love again in this life, then you have to live well, because now, you can really breathe freely, instead of being so careful every day.

16.努力工作，旅游健身等等，要塑造一个完美的自己，为自己，为孩子，打造更优质的生活。

Work hard, travel and fitness and so on, to build a perfect self, for yourself, for your children, to build a better quality of life.

17.其实优质的生活不只是经济上的富足，而是行为上的自由，精神上的满足，情绪上的愉悦，心灵上的放松。

In fact, a quality life is not just about financial abundance, but freedom of behavior, spiritual satisfaction, emotional pleasure, and spiritual relaxation.

18.对于婚姻，我更像是一个理想主义者，一直保持着近乎偏执的执着，坚持相信在生命中一定会有一个对的人正在走向我。也就是人们说的命运，这点我相信你早就看出来了。现在证明我遇见你是正确的选择

For marriage, I'm more like an idealist who has always maintained an almost paranoid obsession, insisting on believing that there must be a right person in life who is coming to me. That is what people call destiny, which I believe you have long seen. Now it proves that I made the right choice in meeting you

19.婚姻这件事情，需要积累，也需要机遇。机遇交给上天，而积累就要靠你自己。单身永远是你最好的增值期，当你觉得自己还配不上理想中的婚姻时，不如就静下心来提升自己吧。

Marriage is a matter that requires accumulation and opportunity. The opportunity is given to God, and the accumulation depends on you. When you feel that you are not worthy of the ideal marriage, why don't you just quietly improve yourself?

不用慌忙的走入婚姻，更不用凑合着相濡以沫，你一定可以在单身的岁月中找到属于自己生命的意义，然后在适合你的婚姻中感受到爱的真谛。

No need to panic into marriage, not to mention make do with each other, you can certainly find the meaning of your own life in the years of singleness, and then feel the true meaning of love in the marriage that suits you.

洗脑：

可能你不明白我的良苦用心！我非常珍惜我们的缘分，所有才一直叫你跟我学习。如果你是故意的话,那你直接告诉我就可以了。如果你不说，我一直去追问你可能会影响咱们之间的友情那就没意思了

Maybe you don't understand my good intentions! I cherish our destiny very much, and all that's why I keep asking you to study with me. If you are deliberate, then you can tell me directly. If you do not say, I have been to ask you may affect our friendship between us that is meaningless

穷人在十字街头耍十把钢勾，勾不着亲人的帮助。富人在深山老林，抡木棒打不散无义的宾朋，大将军手中枪，挡不住饥寒穷。到这一步英雄未必英雄，来日方长

The poor man is playing with ten steel hooks in the cross street, but cannot hook the help of his relatives. The rich man in the deep woods, swinging sticks can not scatter the unrighteous guests, the general in the hands of the gun, can not stop the hunger and cold poor. To this point heroes may not be heroes, the future is long

我交易完了，也挺困了。对我而言做任何事情，我只有两个目的。一是让自己幸福的活着，二是帮助别人幸福的活着！做任何事，不违背这两个原则！就像做业余投资一样，对我来说，有这两个目的，第一是丰富我自身对这个世界的认知，第二是用赚到的钱帮助那些值得帮助的人，之前也告诉过你疫情之下给员工发工资，也是我在投资上赚到的钱发的，帮助了很多员工，但其实也是在帮助自己，因为我们得到了他们的心，我们帮助了他人，等到他们到一定高度的时候，我相信他们也会去帮助更多的人，同时他们对这社会更加充满希望，从而更有动力去实现自己心中的理想我也并不是必须要求妹妹跟着我做，只是我觉得这么好的机会，能让你可以学到自己不认知的一面，同时也赚到钱去帮助他人

I'm done trading and pretty sleepy. For me to do anything, I only have two purposes. One is to make myself happy and live, and the other is to help others to live happily! Do anything that does not contradict these two principles! Like doing amateur investment, for me, there are these two purposes, the first is to enrich my own knowledge of the world, the second is to use the money earned to help those who deserve help, before also told you under the epidemic to pay employees, but also the money I earned on the investment issued to help a lot of employees, but in fact, is also helping themselves, because we get their hearts, we help others. When they get to a certain height, I believe they will also go to help more people, while they are more hopeful about this society, and thus more motivated to achieve the ideals of their hearts I also do not have to ask my sister to follow me to do, just I think such a good opportunity to enable you to learn the side of their own non-cognitive, while also earning money to help others

赚钱只是人之根本，因为咱们所有物质以及资源的基础就是金钱！而我们能做的只是把挣到的钱，花在有意义的地方，展现它该有的价值！这样也能为自己的人生增添一份有意义的色彩！

Making money is only the root of man, because the basis of all our material and resources is money! And all we can do is to spend the money we earn in a meaningful way, to show its value! This can also add a meaningful color to their lives!

1.我们是活在现实的社会，安逸的前提是要有经济后盾！现在的衣食住行医疗，哪个离的开钱.

We are living in a realistic society, the premise of comfort is to have economic backing! Nowadays, food, clothing, housing, transportation and medical care, which is away from the money.

2. 我们不为自己考虑也要为父母考虑，以前别人根据父母的收入看待我们，现在是根据我们的收入看待父母！

We must think of our parents even if we don't think of ourselves. In the past, others looked at us based on our parents' income, but now we look at our parents based on our income!

3.人就一辈子，我们应该是为了享受生活看看这个花花世界，而不是辛苦一辈子工作为了活着！

People on a lifetime, we should be to enjoy life to see the world of flowers, not hard work for a lifetime in order to live!

4.哪怕你一个月20000美元一年才240000美元存下来的也没多少，10年都买不起房子，人有多少个10年？

Even if you 20,000 dollars a month a year only 240,000 dollars saved is not much, 10 years can not afford to buy a house, how many people have a 10 years?

5.现在每月赚20000美元.10年买套房子，但是10年后还能保证有20000的月薪？

Now earn $20,000 a month. 10 years to buy a house, but 10 years later there is still a guarantee of 20,000 monthly salary?

6.牛耕了一辈子的田，到死也没有一块田属于它的！

The ox has plowed the field all his life, but until he dies, no field belongs to him!

7.一个不会游泳的人，换个泳池一样不会游泳，要改变的是自己的心态！

A person who can not swim, change the pool as well as not swim, to change is their mindset!

8.你把钱存在银行到明年也没多一毛，反而被银行拿去放款做信用卡赚钱可能有一天还是给你用，你用自己的钱交利息.

You put the money in the bank to the next year is not more than a dime, but was taken by the bank to lend money to do credit card money may one day still give you use, you use their own money to pay interest.

11.钱是赚出来的并不是存起来的，现在的有钱人越来越有钱就是因为钱生钱，我们至少跟上脚步，别说超过他们。

Money is earned and not saved, now the rich are getting richer because of the money, we at least keep up, not to mention exceed them.

12.我自己以前吃过太多苦，失败过太多次了，后面才慢慢和姑姑学习，把信用卡的钱，贷款来做投资。后来我成功后才知道，原来大多企业家都是利用银行来为自己创业。

I myself have suffered too much before, failed too many times, before slowly learning with my aunt, the credit card money, loans to make investments. Later, after I succeeded, I learned that most entrepreneurs are using banks to start businesses for themselves.

13.为什么你没赚到钱，就是因为想都不敢想，想又不敢去做，不懂怎么做，顾虑太多，所以你要改变自己的心态！

Why you did not earn money, it is because think are afraid to think, think and afraid to do, do not know how to do, too many worries, so you have to change their mindset!

14.加密货币超短期交易可能明年就做不了，一旦市场变动，就不能这么轻松的赚钱了，人生有几次机遇？要懂的把握

Cryptocurrency ultra-short term trading may not be able to do next year, once the market changes, it will not be so easy to make money, there are several opportunities in life? You have to know how to grasp

15.我们是在现实的社会，你这点钱肯本不算什么，现在房子，车子，医院，旅游，奢侈品，美食！这个你也知道，但是你会认为对你很多，就是因为你没有钱，没有钱！所以才要赚，不然怎么改变自己，毕竟我们是活着现实，要面对现实！

We are in the real world, this money you Kenben is nothing, now houses, cars, hospitals, travel, luxury goods, food! This you also know, but you will think a lot to you, is because you have no money, no money! That's why you have to earn, otherwise how to change yourself, after all, we are living reality, to face reality!

16.想到和得到之间有个叫做到，知道富人与穷人之间的心态区别？ 两人都只有100000，看上同一个项目，富人是马上去做。遇到问题解决问题，而穷人的心态是，要是亏了怎么办！做都没做只想着亏，那么什么都不敢去做，注定没钱！

Think and get between a called to, know the difference between the mindset of the rich and the poor? Both have only 100000, look at the same project, the rich is immediately go to do. Problems encountered to solve problems, while the poor mentality is, if the loss of how to do! Do not even do only think about the loss, then what are afraid to do, doomed to no money!

17.有句话说的很经典：本身就穷，折腾对了就成了富人，折腾的不对，大不了还是穷人。如果不折腾一辈子都是穷人。

There is a classic saying: poor in itself, tossing the right to become rich, tossing the wrong, the big deal or poor. If you do not toss life is poor.

18.如果失败了，当作你的人生财富，成功了你就财富人生。自己按照3倍投方式去赚钱，记住还有我！

If you fail, as your life wealth, success you wealth life. Own according to 3 times the way to make money, remember there is me!

我们生活在这个世界上。只有审美上和精神财富上有高低之分，物质上不应该有贵贱贫富之分！

We live in this world. Only aesthetically and spiritually wealthy have the difference between high and low, materially there should not be the difference between rich and poor!

詹姆士这段话令我感触颇深：

?

如果我们改变了对事件的态度，那么事件就会发生真实的改变。人的思想有着神奇的力量，我们的生活都是由我们的思想决定。一个人的思想轻松快乐了，他的生活也就会平安幸福。而总想逃避现实、拒绝改变自己思想的人，则将永远停留在悲惨的深渊中。

I was struck by this quote from James.

If we change our attitude toward events, then events will change in a real way. The human mind has a magical power, and our lives are determined by our thoughts. When a person's mind is easy and happy, his life will be peaceful and happy. And the person who always tries to escape from reality and refuses to change his thoughts will stay in the abyss of misery forever.

那么，我们怎么才能控制自己的思想、让我们的思想变得快乐呢？读一下詹姆士的话，你就知道怎么做了。

?

So, how can we control our thoughts and make our minds happy? Read the words of James and you will know how to do it.

?

?

詹姆士说：“我们的行为是随思想变化的。同时，我们的思想也会受到行为的影响。我们想要达到某种思想。就要让自己的行为按照这种思想表现。然后，我们就能拥有这样的思想。你没有理解错，方法就是这么简单。如果我们想要拥有轻松快乐的思想，我们就要像已经拥有轻松快乐的思想那样去说话和做事。然后，我们就会真正地拥有轻松快乐的思想，进而我们就能不由自主地轻松快乐地工作和生活。

?

James said, "Our behavior changes with our thoughts. At the same time, our thoughts are influenced by our behavior. We want to achieve a certain thought. Then we have to let our behavior behave according to that thought. Then, we can have such a thought. You have understood correctly, the method is that simple. If we want to have easy and happy thoughts, we have to speak and act as if we already have easy and happy thoughts. Then, we will really have a happy and relaxed mind, and we will be able to work and live happily and uncontrollably.

这个小小的方法真的有效吗？我建议你用怀疑的时间去试一试。你先让你的脸露出微笑，然后唱一首歌。如果不会唱，哼一哼也行。结果怎样呢？等你唱完歌，你是不是发现自己真的很快乐呢？如果你的行为散发出来的是轻松和快乐，你的心理就不可能忧郁。

?

Does this little method really work? I suggest you give it a try with the time of doubt. You start by putting a smile on your face and singing a song. If you can't sing it, humming it is fine. What's the result? By the time you finish the song, do you find yourself really happy? If your behavior exudes relaxation and happiness, you can't be mentally depressed.

所以，如果我们要获得轻松快乐的生活，请谨记：

?

思想决定人生。

?

So, if we want to get an easy and happy life, please keep in mind that thoughts determine life.

现在穷人的思维就是，免费的吧，说是骗人的，投资小吧，说赚不到钱，投资大吧，又说没钱投，新行业吧，又说不会，老行业吧，又说难做，好的模式吧，又说像传销，做业务吧，又说没能力，想的比教授多，做的比文盲少。

Now the poor people's thinking is, free bar, said it is a scam, small investment bar, said not earn money, investment bar, said no money to invest, the new industry, said it will not, the old industry, said it is difficult to do, a good model, said like a pyramid scheme, do business bar, said no ability, think more than the professor, do less than the illiterate.

这世界上有三种钱可以赚，你知道是哪三种吗？

第一种是：过去挣的钱（也就是穷人挣的钱，把别人十年前挣钱的方法当法宝挣钱）

The money earned in the past (that is, the money earned by the poor, the way others earned money ten years ago as a magic weapon to earn money)

你觉得这样的挣钱方式可行吗？

Do you think this is a viable way to earn money?

就拿服装行业来打比方：服装实体店的打折销售模式，那么多年一直在用，如果你现在把这模式当法宝去做，你觉得能挣钱吗？

Take the clothing industry to play the analogy: clothing entity store discount sales model, so many years have been used, if you now this model as a magic weapon to do, do you think you can make money?

也许能挣钱，但是效益一定不乐观，因为已经过时了！

May be able to earn money, but the benefits must not be optimistic, because it has become obsolete!

第二种是：当下挣的钱（也称之为有钱人挣的钱，跟上潮流趋势挣钱）

The second is: the money earned at the moment (also called the money earned by the rich, keeping up with the trend to earn money)

也就是跟上时代的变化而变化，还是拿服装行业打比方：以前是实体店销售，随着时代的发展，现在互联网时代，时代在进步，跟上时代去发展，这就是现在时代可以挣的钱

That is, to keep up with the times and change, or take the clothing industry analogy: the previous is a brick and mortar sales, with the development of the times, now the Internet era, the times are progressing, keep up with the times to develop, which is now the times can earn money



第三种是：未来挣的钱

The third one is: future earned money

总结：观察国家形势，了解经济市场的发展的趋势，在结合国家政策的发展，是企业发展的必然。

Observe the national situation, understand the trend of the development of the economic market, in combination with the development of national policies, is the inevitable development of enterprises.

现在的新能源科技发展也是一个趋势，也将是未来发展的必然。

Now the development of new energy technology is also a trend, but also will be the inevitable future development.


我还认为我们正在进入一个时代，

加密货币

成为人民和国家主要储备货币之一的潜力比以往任何时候都更加清晰。这不会是一帆风顺的旅程，但对于那些踏上旅程的人来说，这将是一次非常有意义的旅程。

I also think we are entering an era where the potential for cryptocurrencies to become one of the major reserve currencies for people and countries is clearer than ever. It won't be a smooth ride, but it will be a very rewarding one for those who embark on it.

我们虽然做不了时代的伟人，那就只能退而求其次做时代的紧跟随者就好了！你认为呢？

Although we can not do the great man of the times, then we can only take a back seat to do the times of the close followers on the good! What do you think?


产品介绍：

我是利用加密货币的节点，判断波段的涨跌，从而选择适合当天获利的硬币进行双向交易，获利周期只需要30秒。如果我们购买的是看涨30秒结算的时候比特币只需要上涨0.01，那我们就是获利的，同样的如果我们买下跌，30秒结算的时候比特币只需要下跌0.01，那我们也是获利的！

I am using the nodes of cryptocurrencies to determine the ups and downs of the wave so that I can choose the right coin for the day to trade in both directions with a profit cycle of only 30 seconds. If we buy a call and the bitcoin only goes up 0.01 at the 30 second settlement, then we are profitable, similarly if we buy a fall and the bitcoin only goes down 0.01 at the 30 second settlement, then we are also profitable!

切客话术摘选

操作流程的话 按照我说的就好 不用管其它的 也是非常简单的 交易一次就会了

If you follow the operation process, just follow my instructions, don't worry about the rest, it is also very simple.

有风险我就不会叫你学习了哈哈哈

There is a risk that I will not call you to learn hahaha

慢慢来 新鲜的事物都是亲身体验才会的

Take your time. New and fresh things are experienced first-hand before

没有谁的能力都是天生具备的,实际上，您也可以尝试自己进行一些投资。尝试之后，您将了解它的乐趣。如果您什么都不做，您将永远无法理解其存在的意义。

No one is born with the ability, and in fact, you can try to make some investments yourself. After you try it, you will understand how much fun it is. If you don't do anything, you will never understand the meaning of its existence.

股票的涨跌取决于上市公司和集团的盈亏 加密货币的涨跌是根据国家的发展政策经济

股票的周期长 利润低 需要投入大量资金才有乐观的利润

股票的利润低 周期长 资金不能掌握在手中 涨幅是根据上市公司集团 没有稳定

The rise and fall of stocks depends on the profit and loss of listed companies and groups The rise and fall of cryptocurrencies is based on the development policy of the country's economy

Stocks have a long cycle, low profitability and need to invest a lot of money to have an optimistic profit

Stocks have low profitability, long cycle, no capital in hand, rise or fall depending on the group of listed companies, no stability

人一生中能积累多少财富，不取决于你能挣多少钱。而是取决于你如何投资理财，用钱去生产钱。

The amount of wealth one can accumulate in a lifetime does not depend on how much money you can earn. Rather, it depends on how you invest your money and use it to produce money.

市场对先知先觉者的回报是最为丰厚的，你早一天，早半天，早三个小时知道某件事情，可能对你的投资收益来讲都是天差地别。这就是新闻分析和消息的重要性

The market is most rewarding to the foresighted. You know something a day, half a day, or three hours earlier, and it could make a world of difference to your investment returns. This is the importance of news analysis and news

这是我的意见。保持资产价值的最佳方法是将其转换为数字现金，并将其放入您的数字现金帐户。

Here's my opinion. The best way to maintain the value of your assets is to convert them to digital cash and put them in your digital cash account.

实际上，您也可以尝试自己进行一些投资。尝试之后，您将了解它的乐趣。如果您什么都不做，您将永远无法理解其存在的意义。

In fact, you can also try to make some investments yourself. After you try it, you will understand how much fun it is. If you don't do anything, you will never understand the meaning of its existence.

如果您今天有时间。我可以教你如何投资比特币以及如何经营二级市场来赚钱。根据目前的趋势，良好的市场将继续。我建议您去交易所注册一个帐户。晚上我带你们操作一波！

If you have time today. I can teach you how to invest in bitcoin and how to run a secondary market to make money. Based on the current trend, the good market will continue. I suggest you go to the exchange and sign up for an account. I will show you how to operate a wave in the evening!

下午结束健身会议后，洗个澡，我将观察比特币市场。我还将收集有关此类型的相关信息，并需要了解其趋势

After finishing my fitness session this afternoon and taking a shower, I will observe the Bitcoin market. I will also gather relevant information about this genre and need to understand its trends

然后，如果您想投资，我可以教您。我只想有一个共同的事业，每天谈论更多的话题以增加我们的情感

Then, if you want to invest, I can teach you. I just want to have a common cause and talk more every day to increase our emotions

我认为您不应该将鸡蛋放在一个篮子里，而应该是多种多样的。现在是互联网加密货币的时代。我每天都自己交易。您可以跟着我，每天赚一点额外的收入。我想当我不在你身边时。我可以带你赚一点零花钱。购买一些自己的生活需求。

I don't think you should put your eggs in one basket, but rather a variety of them. This is the era of internet cryptocurrencies. I trade on my own every day. You can follow me and earn a little extra income every day. I want to be around when I am not with you. I can take you to earn a little pocket money. Buy some of your own living needs.

我們先互相了解。我想給與我最好的一面。給我們第一次約會。所以我們要保持一種新鮮感。

Let's get to know each other first. I want to give my best. Give us a first date. So we have to keep it kind of fresh.

现在，许多美国人普遍拥有比特币，迈阿密市长推荐将其用于工资支付服务。比特币现在被视为金融市场上流动性最强的资产之一，因为比特币交易所，交易平台和交易参与者遍布世界的各个角落

Bitcoin is now commonly owned by many Americans, and the mayor of Miami has recommended its use for payroll services. Bitcoin is now considered one of the most liquid assets in the financial markets, as Bitcoin exchanges, trading platforms and trading participants are located in all corners of the world

成功不在于您赢得了多少人，而在于您帮助了多少人！将有价值的信息传递给您周围的朋友，使他们变得更有价值！我认为一个人拥有多少财富并不代表自己的身份。您可以利用自己的知识带动周围的朋友致富。这是最成功的。

Success is not about how many people you win, it's about how many people you help! Pass on valuable information to your friends around you to make them more valuable! I believe that the amount of wealth a person has is not a reflection of who they are. You can use your knowledge to drive your friends around you to become rich. This is the most successful.

我

建议

你

还是投资加密货币

，現在的

数字

時代

发展

的很快，未來

的环境必须

是

无

現金，由

终这

些因素，

数字现金将变的越来越有价值

I suggest you still invest in cryptocurrencies, the digital age is developing rapidly now, the future environment must be cashless, by the end of these factors, digital cash will become more and more valuable

我现在80%的资金在锁仓挖矿，每天都有稳定的0.6-0.7%的收益，这是没有任何的风险，剩下20%的资金用来等待好的行情参与短线交易。

I now have 80% of my money in locked mining, with a steady 0.6-0.7% return every day, which is without any risk. The remaining 20% of my money is used to wait for a good market to participate in short term trading.


我在大学的时候已经开始学习投资的知识了，没有不赚钱的投资，只有不赚钱的操作，投资好坏不是关键，关键是如何把握好投资中的细节及赢利点。

I have begun to learn the knowledge of investment in college, there is no unprofitable investment, only unprofitable operation, good or bad investment is not the key, the key is how to grasp the details of investment and winning points.

我们把控制风险放在第一位，赚钱放在第二位。我们的原则是在规避风险的前提下实现利润最大化

We put risk control first and money making second. Our principle is to maximize profits while avoiding risks

您的犹豫，对你的投资就可能因此失去一个非常好的机会，就少赚20％，30％甚至更多，机会不是什么时候都有的，行情不会因为你有犹豫而停下来等你。

Your hesitation, your investment may therefore lose a very good opportunity to earn 20%, 30% or more less, the opportunity is not always there, the market will not be because you have hesitation and stop waiting for you.

正确的投资理财观念跟选择，能帮助您在未来的生活中减轻负担，提升您的生活质量，优质物质的生活会向您招手！

The right investment concept and choice can help you to reduce the burden in your future life, improve your quality of life, and a quality material life will beckon you!

我会经常和一些分析师互动，互相告诉对方数字现金的走势和一些分析出来的数据。每个人的心智总是比一个人好。我们每个人都不是巴菲特。Buffy在分析股市的时候也会有他的专业团队。所以还是要多方面的朋友分析数据，选择稳定率在95%以上的稳定货币进行操作，做到万无一失的操作空间和盈利点。

I would often interact with some analysts and tell each other the trend of digital cash and some of the data that came out of the analysis. Each person's mind is always better than one. Each of us is not Warren Buffett. buffy will also have his professional team when analyzing the stock market. So it is still necessary to analyze data from many aspects of friends and choose a stable currency with a stability rate of 95% or more to operate, to achieve a foolproof operating space and profit points.

我和你的聊天中也看得出来你也是一个喜欢投资的人，你也可以关注这方面，也许我们可以一起并肩作战，一起赚钱。

I can also see from my chat with you that you are also a person who likes to invest, you can also focus on this aspect, maybe we can work side by side and make money together.

客户说等你见面了在教我：

答：

在见面之前，我们还能做更多有意义的事情，何况是教你做比特币呢??，现在我带你操作比特币，每天在手机上边聊天边操作只需要30分钟-1小时的时间就可以完成稳定收入，你可以拿着带你赚的这些收益去买一个自己喜欢的东西，作为我送给你的礼物！

There are more meaningful things we can do before we meet, not to mention teaching you how to do bitcoin? , now I take you to operate bitcoin, every day on the phone while chatting only 30 minutes - 1 hour of time to complete a stable income, you can take these earnings earned by taking you to buy a thing you like as a gift from me to you!

在疫情生意不景气，还好我投资获得了不错的收益帮我分担了压力。

In the epidemic business is not good, fortunately I invested to get a good return to help me share the pressure.

投资我不靠运气，我只靠实力。根据数据和我投资多年的经验大多数时候我都能做出正确的判断。

I don't rely on luck when investing, I only rely on strength. Based on the data and my years of experience in investing most of the time I am able to make the right call.

我对待事情和情感都是感性执着的人.认定了就会努力去做，所以一件小事情 可以看出我在你心里的位置.跟你说好好的.可是你一直在拖拉，我觉的只要两个人的心在一起.什么事情都一起去面对.就没有什么问题难倒我们.可怕的是两个人没有一条心.只是一方一味的付出和一厢情愿 所以我真的很怕 心里也很痛

I'm an emotional and obsessive person when it comes to things and emotions. I will try to do it if I am sure, so a small thing can see my place in your heart. I told you to be nice. But you keep dragging your feet, I think as long as two people's hearts are together. I think as long as two people have the same heart, we can face everything together. There is no problem that we can't overcome. What's scary is that two people do not have the same heart. I'm really afraid, but I'm also in pain.

人一定要先谋生，再谋爱，爱情虽不能用金钱和物质来衡量，但金钱可以让你拥有尊严和底气

People must first make a living, and then seek love, love can not be measured by money and material, but money can give you dignity and bottom

赚钱和机会 都是留给有把握和准备的人.而不是顺其自然呀.我没有看过一个没有付出努力的人成功过

Money and opportunity are reserved for those who are prepared and ready. And not just go with the flow. I have never seen a person who did not put in the effort to succeed

朋友都说我很喜欢钱，而我觉得我不是喜欢钱，而是钱能带来尊严和自信，那么我喜欢的可能是尊严和自信，也是為了自己將來在考慮

Friends say I like money, and I think I do not like money, but money can bring dignity and confidence, then I like may be dignity and confidence, but also for their future in consideration

很多客户会问你们 为什么要对她那么好？你们看看这个要有灵感去回答

：

比如能把自己最好的 跟你分享 也是我自己最大的成就感.彼此成功了 享受这份喜悦的心情肯定是美美的，两个人可以每天一起交流一起分享生活中的点点滴滴 一起做有共同的事情做我相信我们之间也会了解更快。

我很早就开始拥有股票。 流行初期，我退出了股市。 只保留特斯拉股票。 我只是从高位卖出特斯拉股票。 在COVID的影响下。 全球经济普遍下降。 股市动荡。 到目前为止，它仍然不稳定。 今天的股票市场不像1990年代那样具有发展潜力的股票市场。 相反，今天的股市是已经达到瓶颈期的股市。 过去的增长率远低于回报率。 换句话说，增长率已经处于专业瓶颈时期。 增长速度比下降速度慢。 回报率低于损失率。 这是我退出股市的原因之一

I started owning stocks at an early age. Early in the epidemic, I got out of the stock market. Only kept Tesla stock. I just sold Tesla stock from the highs. Under the influence of COVID. Global economy generally declined. The stock market was volatile. So far, it remains unstable. Today's stock market is not a stock market with growth potential like it was in the 1990s. Instead, today's stock market is a stock market that has reached a bottleneck. Growth rates have been much lower than returns in the past. In other words, growth rates have been in a professional bottleneck. The rate of growth is slower than the rate of decline. The rate of return is lower than the rate of loss. This is one of the reasons why I got out of the stock market

每個交易所的成交量都不一樣，成交量會影響某個幣種漲幅有相差，如果我們不在同一個平台操作，這是很難幫你控制風險

The volume of each exchange is different, and the volume will affect the difference in the rate of increase of a certain currency, which is difficult to help you control the risk if we do not operate on the same platform.

这个年代最贵的并不是金钱，而是时间。当你付出了时间成本的时候往往会比别人更容易收获高回报。分仓投资，鸡蛋不放在一个篮子里面。选择好的投资对冲方法就是降低风险扩大收益的良药，请时刻保持你的理智。

The most expensive thing in this era is not money, but time. When you pay the cost of time will often be easier than others to reap high returns. Split your investment positions and don't put your eggs in one basket. Choose a good investment hedging method is the medicine to reduce risk and expand returns, please always keep your sanity.

所以做为一个正常的投资者，时间和本金才是获得高回报的关键所在。当你看到那些获得很多倍利润朋友的时候，其实他们才是付出了时间成本的，面对行情的波动起伏他们在这个过程当中也是不容易的，所以说高回报是他们应该获得的

So as a normal investor, time and capital is the key to get high returns. When you see those who get many times the profit friends, in fact, they are the ones who pay the cost of time, facing the fluctuations of the market they are not easy in the process, so that high returns are what they should get!

聪明人总是结伴而行，把握赚钱时机，掌握行情动向，方可占据主动。

Smart people always travel in pairs, grasp the time to make money, grasp the market trends, in order to take the initiative.

穷人和富人的富人的区别

：

富人会利用周围的所有资源（例如，从银行借钱进行投资，然后将其返还给银行。赚钱是最快的赚钱方式），而穷人只会抱怨缘分不公平！富人之所以成为富人，是因为他们知道创造机会来抓住机会。我最喜欢的一句话是：机会留给有准备的人

The rich will use all the resources around them (for example, borrowing money from a bank to invest and then returning it to the bank. Making money is the fastest way to make money), while the poor will just complain that karma is unfair! Rich people are rich because they know how to create opportunities to seize them. One of my favorite sayings is: Opportunity is reserved for those who are prepared

股票市场分歧加大，一方面对于刺激政策的细节持有乐观态度，另一方面美元美债同步上行，打压风险资产，很多买股票的朋友都选择了止盈出局

Stock market divergence increased, on the one hand, for the details of the stimulus policy holds an optimistic attitude, on the other hand, the dollar U.S. debt synchronization upward, depressing risk assets, many friends who bought stocks have chosen to stop earnings out

比特币是金融市场的顶级掠食者，投资者正竞相将其作为一种避险资产。我认为对于管理大量国债的公司来说，比特币是最有可能产生可观增长的资产。

Bitcoin is a top predator in the financial markets and investors are racing to use it as a safe-haven asset. I think bitcoin is the asset most likely to generate significant growth for companies managing large amounts of treasury debt.

其实对于币圈的交易来说，操作其实是一个长期的过程，有快乐，有心酸，甚至有时候很痛苦，但这就是市场，不仅仅是为了赚钱，更重要的是培养赚钱的意识和资金的利用方法。不管你是一个人操作还是在跟着老师操作，我都是希望在这些可以避免的错误上你可以不要犯错，而我是深信缘分的，我是以一位诚挚的朋友，也能希望尽力帮到你！

In fact, for coin trading, operation is actually a long-term process, with joy, heartache, and even sometimes pain, but this is the market, not only to make money, but more importantly, to develop the awareness of making money and the method of using funds. Whether you are operating alone or in following a teacher, I am hoping that you can not make mistakes on these avoidable mistakes, and I am convinced that fate, I am with a sincere friend, can also hope to try to help you!

所以做为一个正常的投资者，时间和本金才是获得高回报的关键所在。当你看到那些获得很多倍利润朋友的时候，其实他们才是付出了时间成本的，面对行情的波动起伏他们在这个过程当中也是不容易的，所以说高回报是他们应该获得的

So as a normal investor, time and capital is the key to get high returns. When you see those who get many times the profit friends, in fact, they are the ones who pay the cost of time, facing the fluctuations of the market they are not easy in the process, so that high returns are what they should get!

所以你更应该利用自己的资产将它的利益最大化，把自己的资源创造更大的财富。不要在乎目前自己那点生活费用，在钱生钱的年代，你应该注重自己的思维，为什么世界上金融业的人最有钱，不是他们有多厉害，而是他们有一种理财的思维和对新事物的认可

So all the more reason why you should use your assets to maximize its benefits and create greater wealth from your own resources. Don't care about your current little cost of living, in the era of money generating money, you should focus on your own thinking, why the world's financial industry is the richest, not how great they are, but they have a financial thinking and recognition of new things

不同的交易所有部分不同币种，例如该平台的发行币，新币种，其他平台没发行的。它有更大的升值空间。还有平台的多元化流动性较大的大型交易所将不会像一些较小的，流动性较差的交易那样，发生价格变动。

Different exchanges have some different coins, such as the platform's release coins, new coins, which are not released by other platforms. It has more room for appreciation. There are also platforms with greater diversified liquidity on larger exchanges will not experience the same price movement as some of the smaller, less liquid exchanges.

加密货币正在逐渐占领整个世界的市场，单个货币是不足以让整个世界普遍使用的。所以现在加密货币属于发展的是成长期。

Cryptocurrencies are gradually taking over the entire world market, and individual currencies are not enough for the entire world to use them universally. So now cryptocurrencies belong to the development is the growth period.

股票今年来，一直处于大盘动荡，很多股票都不利于持有，所以我选择了退出股市，如今的市场加密貨幣是非常有利可图的。

Stocks have been in general turmoil this year, many stocks are not conducive to hold, so I chose to exit the stock market, the market today crypto currency is very profitable.

加密貨幣的风险调整回报率高于其他资产，包括黄金、美国股票、美国房地产、债券和新兴货币。当美国央行采取控制借贷成本的政策时，公开市场参与者可以自由对冲他们对经风险调整的借贷成本的看法。在当前的宏观经济环境下，加密貨幣是散户对冲风险的一个有利可图的选择。

Risk-adjusted returns for cryptocurrencies are higher than for other assets, including gold, U.S. equities, U.S. real estate, bonds, and emerging currencies. When the U.S. central bank adopts a policy of controlling borrowing costs, open market participants are free to hedge their perceptions of risk-adjusted borrowing costs. In the current macroeconomic environment, crypto currencies are a profitable option for retail investors to hedge their risk.

我不喜歡长期持有货币，通常我是根据每天的大数据进行对比分析后，根据分析師给出的信息量，和大盘趋势来决定每日操作的节点。每个短期投资都是通过分析和参考市场数,据,财团的主要资本流动以及对政府因素的分析而做出的。在进行投资,之前,结果的准确性为95%。每次都能获得最大利润的风险是最低的。我还将知道如何规避风险。

I do not like to hold currencies for a long period of time, but I usually decide on a daily basis the point of action based on the amount of information given by the analysts and the general market trend, after a comparative analysis of the daily big data. Each short-term investment is made by analyzing and referring to market data, major capital flows of the consortium, and analysis of government factors. The results are 95% accurate prior to making an investment. The risk of making maximum profit every time is the lowest. I will also know how to hedge the risk.

事实上，我的大部分收入来自于我的投资。因为姑姑的关系，有专业的分析师团队给我最好的市场让我远离风险

In fact, most of my income comes from my investments. Because of my aunt, the professional analyst team gave me the best market and kept me away from risks

我认为赚钱的方法很重要。我的收入主要来自于我的事业跟投资。那么你的收入计划是什么？

I think the method of making money is important. My income comes mainly from my career and investments. So what is your income plan?

是的 事实上，我从创业之初就开始投资理财。我刚开始投资。不知道如何利用好人际关系。股票损失了一些钱。后来有姑姑的介绍有了专业的分析师团队让我有了远离风险的能力。基本上只做稳定的投资

Yes, in fact, I have been investing in financial management since the beginning of my business. I just started investing. Not knowing how to make good use of relationships. Stocks lost some money. Later, with the introduction of my aunt and a professional analyst team, I have the ability to stay away from risks. Basically only make stable investments

每个人对投资都有着不同的看法。也许将来我可以给你带来一些有价值的信息。

Everyone has a different perspective on investing. Maybe in the future I can bring you some valuable information.

我告诉过您过周五会有一次好的市场我正准备投资。现在我的资金已经到位，我将会在市场到来的时候抓住这个机会，并且在结束以后赎回我的资金

I told you that there will be a good market next Friday and I am getting ready to invest. Now that my funds are in place, I will take this opportunity when the market comes and redeem my funds after the close

你还记得我之前跟你说的加密货币短期交易吗？你想听听我的建议吗？

Do you remember what I told you about short-term cryptocurrency trading? Would you like to hear my advice?

首先，作为一个真正的朋友，我愿意教你这个赚钱的方式，加密货币是现在的趋势。并且我投资的加密货币短期交易资金灵活，可以在任何时候灵活的调动我们的资金。有专业的分析师团队帮我分析市场让我具备了远离风险的能力。这些信息只有我的家人和我最好的朋友才知道，这是难得的赚钱机会。

First of all, as a true friend, I want to teach you this way of making money, cryptocurrencies are the trend right now. And the short-term trading funds of the cryptocurrency I invested in are flexible, and we can flexibly move funds at any time. Having a professional analyst team to help me analyze the market gives me the ability to stay away from risks. This information is only known to my family and my best friend, and this is a rare opportunity to make money.

我认为你应该了解这一内部消息的重要性，因为人与人之间是相互的，我认为你对我很真诚，否则我不会轻易告诉别人。

I think you should understand the importance of this inside information, because people are mutual, I think you are sincere to me, otherwise I will not tell others easily.

这取决你是否想赚更多的钱，我愿意教你这个宝贵的赚钱机会，希望你能把握并珍惜它，我一直很珍惜友谊。

It depends on whether you want to make more money. I am willing to teach you this precious opportunity to make money. I hope you can grasp it and cherish it. I have always cherished friendship.

是的，如果你想跟我一起投资加密货币短期交易赚钱，你首先需要拥有一个货币钱包购买货币。把一切都准备好了。等待行情好的时候就可以直接做交易了

Yes, if you want to make money by investing in cryptocurrency short-term trading with me, you first need to have a currency wallet to buy currency. Get everything ready. When the market is good, you can directly trade

我们之间没必要说谢谢。作为真正的朋友。这是我的职责

We don't need to say thank you. as true friends. It is my responsibility

那么你打算投资多少资金呢？你想听听我的建议吗？

So how much should you invest in yourself? Would you like to hear my advice?

这取决你的财务状况。如果你投资更多，你赚的越多。我已经投资的大约30万美元，明天我会继续增加资金。因为这是一个很大的机会，所有我尽力珍惜它

It depends on your financial situation. The more you invest, the more you earn. I've invested about $300,000 and I'll continue to increase the funds tomorrow. Because the opportunity is huge, so I try to cherish it

有空的时候我喜欢旅行。我喜欢在周末钓鱼和烹饪。如果可以跳伞会更好，但是大多数时候，我喜欢观察数字货币的价格趋势并投资于加密货币短期交易

I like to travel in my free time. I like to fish and cook on weekends. It would be better if I could skydive, but most of the time I like to watch digital currency price trends and invest in cryptocurrency short-term trades

它的表现非常好。最重要的是风险很低。几乎没有亏损的可能。当有好的市场的时候一定是赚钱的，遗憾的是一个月只有5-6次好的市场机会

It performed very well. The most important thing is that the risk is low. There is little chance of failure. When there is a good market, it has to be profitable. Unfortunately, there are only 5-6 good market opportunities a month.

你呢？有在做其他投资吗？我非常喜欢和朋友交流和讨论数字货币。意外的是我们竟然都喜欢投资。如果有好的投资机会，你会告诉我吗？

How about you? Are you doing other investments? I really enjoy communicating and discussing digital currencies with friends. Surprisingly, we all love investing. If there is a good investment opportunity, will you let me know?

你认为现在市场上有什么比较好的投资机会吗？无论是股票，基金或者期货都很难控制，而且有很多的做空机构扰乱市场。未知的风险是很大的

Do you think there are better investment opportunities in the market now? Whether it is stocks, funds or futures, it is difficult to control, and there are many short-selling institutions that disrupt the market. unknown risk

当我们做任何投资时，我们都希望可以远离风险。并且让我们的钱继续为我们工资给我们创造稳定的收入。你知道我为什么说我投资的加密货币短期交易非常稳定吗？

When we make any investment, we want to avoid risk. Let our money continue to generate steady income for our wages. Do you know why I say the cryptocurrency I invest in is very stable for short-term trading?

因为加密货币的超短期投资我们是利用加密货币

价格30秒涨幅判断是上涨还是下跌然后投入盈利

。

超短期交易类似于传统股票的期货，可以进行双向交易，周期仅仅30秒就能完成一次投入，回报率高达40%，如果本金足够多的情况下，成功率非常的高

。

Because cryptocurrency investment is ultra-short-term, we use a 30-second increase in cryptocurrency prices to determine whether it is rising or falling, and then make profitable investments. Ultra-short-term trading is similar to traditional stock futures. It can conduct two-way transactions. The cycle takes only 30 seconds to complete, and the return rate is as high as 40%. If the principal is sufficient, the success rate is very high.

因为我姑姑的关系，我们有专业的分析师团队为我们分析市场，这让我们有了远离风险的能力

Because of our aunt's relationship, we have a professional analyst team to analyze the market for us, which enables us to stay away from risks

当我们不熟悉投资时。很难控制趋势，但是现在的区别是，我们有专业的分析师团队为我们分析市场，我们每次的交易都是极其稳定的。

When we are new to investing. It is difficult to control the trend, but the difference now is that we have a professional team of analysts analyzing the market for us, and our trades are extremely stable every time.

小川话术篇

认认真真上班，这根本不叫赚钱，这叫劳动换取报酬，想赚钱，得用脑，有胆，还要有伞

Seriously work, it is not called making money, it is called labor for pay, want to make money, you have to use your brain, have the courage, but also have an umbrella

我也信仰上帝，圣经上有一句话，善待他人就是善待自己，所以我喜欢把一些好的东西分享给他人，我分享东西也是上帝的一种祝福

I also believe in God. There is a saying in the Bible that to be kind to others is to be kind to oneself, so I like to share some good things to others, and I share things as a blessing from God

上帝，不会抛弃任何一个人。我对你像原本打开的书，你随时可以和一起。

God, does not abandon anyone. I am to you like the original open book, you can always and together.

毕竟投资就是投机，资本家喜欢空手套白狼，从企业或者银行借钱杠杆赚钱之后得到丰厚的利润。或许我们可以借鉴一下，用低廉的利息拿着银行家的钱转着自己的钱。

After all, investment is speculation, capitalists like to empty glove, borrowing money from companies or banks to leverage money after getting a good profit. Perhaps we can learn from this, with low interest rates to take the bankers' money to turn their own money.

我今天看了一整天的加密货币，并且在筹集资金，准备投资新发行的加密货币，他们准备上市，加密货币刚推出上市时是最低价格。

I've been looking at cryptocurrencies all day today and am raising money to invest in new issues of cryptocurrencies as they prepare to go public and cryptocurrencies are at their lowest price when they first launch to market.

大部分的一级市场并不支持短期交易，只接受传统化的投资（低买高卖），相对于一级市场，二级市场更有利可图，并且致力于短期交易，为投资者提供了更方便风险系数更小的投资领域，二级市场最具有魅力的就是30s短期交易，整个过程不需要太长的时间，大大降低了市场的风险概率

Most of the primary market does not support short-term trading, only accept the traditionalized investment (buy low, sell high), compared to the primary market, the secondary market is more profitable, and is committed to short-term trading, providing investors with a more convenient risk factor less investment area, the secondary market is the most attractive 30s short-term trading, the whole process does not take too long, greatly reducing the probability of market risk

在大流行之前我做服装生意，但在大流行期间受到了很大的冲击，差点破产，亏损了超过650k。。现在我还会有一些投资房产和区块链方面

I was in the clothing business before the pandemic, but took a big hit during the pandemic and almost went bankrupt, losing over 650k. Now I will also have some investment in real estate and blockchain

比起声音的交流，我更喜欢语言的魅力，因为我们交流的每一句话都有灵魂，每一次回首，都是不一样的感觉。

I prefer the charm of language to the communication of sound, because every word we exchange has a soul, and every time we look back, it's a different feeling.

我通常会在睡觉前喝一点红酒，因为葡萄酒中含有葡萄皮和葡萄籽释放的多酚，还能增加体内有益胆固醇的比例，对预防心脑血管疾病起到积极作用，并保持体内良好的血液循环。它还间接起到美容养颜的作用。葡萄酒中的抗氧化白藜芦醇促进新陈代谢，清除自由基，滋养皮肤组织，使皮肤更细腻，更容光焕发。

I usually drink a little red wine before going to bed because wine contains polyphenols released from grape skins and seeds, which also increase the proportion of beneficial cholesterol in the body, playing a positive role in preventing cardiovascular diseases and maintaining good blood circulation in the body. It also indirectly plays a role in beauty and skin care. The antioxidant resveratrol in wine promotes metabolism, scavenges free radicals and nourishes skin tissue, resulting in finer, more radiant skin.

我阿姨是金融领域的首席分析师。她有自己的分析团队。我很早以前就和她的分析团队建立了很好的关系。我们互相学习，互相交流。团队实力很强，会互相讲述数字货币的走势和一些分析数据。每个人的心智都胜过一个人。我们每个人都不是巴菲特。巴菲特还将拥有他的专业团队来分析股票市场。

My aunt is a lead analyst in the financial field. She has her own team of analysts. I built a good relationship with her analysis team a long time ago. We learn from each other and communicate with each other. The team is very strong and will tell each other about the trend of digital currencies and some analytical data. Each person's mind is better than one person. Each of us is not Warren Buffett. Warren Buffett will also have his team of professionals to analyze the stock market.

我喜欢交朋友，我追求的是高质量的朋友圈。你有丰富的经验。和你交流我可以学到很多，因为我觉得你是个绅士，所以我一直和你交流

I like to make friends and I am looking for a high quality circle of friends. You have a lot of experience. I can learn a lot from communicating with you because I think you are a gentleman, so I keep communicating with you

很多东西，它的意义大于它本身的价值

Many things, its meaning is greater than its own value

我爸爸做健身器材贸易和出口，也是一个慈善基金会项目的董事会成员。我的母亲来自香港，是一名教师。我的祖父是一名中士军衔的士兵。

My dad trades and exports fitness equipment and is on the board of a charitable foundation project. My mother is from Hong Kong and is a teacher. My grandfather was a soldier with the rank of sergeant.

我经历过所有的投资，储蓄，股票债券，房地产对冲基金，私募股权，最近几年我认为区块链技术是主流未来的世界，

I have experienced all the investments, savings, stock bonds, real estate hedge funds, private equity, and in recent years I think blockchain technology is the mainstream future of the world.

等一下，我先和我的分析师团队开个在线会议，用老规矩分析数据，找到最合适的市场交易时间进入市场。

Hold on, I'll start with an online meeting with my team of analysts and use the old rules to analyze the data and find the most appropriate time to enter the market for trading.

等一下，我先和我的分析师团队开个在线会议，用老规矩分析数据，找到最合适的市场交易时间进入市场。

Hold on, I'll start with an online meeting with my team of analysts and use the old rules to analyze the data and find the most appropriate time to enter the market for trading.

每个投资行业都有一定的风险。这是肯定的，但我们能做的就是将风险降到最低。每次交易前，我都会分析市场走势，让我们的利润率达到95%，然后再选择。进入市场

Every investment industry has a certain amount of risk. That's for sure, but what we can do is to minimize the risk. Before each trade, I analyze the market trend to give us a 95% profit margin before I choose. Entering the market

我们只是用USDT作为美元的代币。 USDT 是一种以美元为原型的硬币。它们是 1:1 的比例

We just use USDT as a token for the US dollar. USDT is a coin that is based on the US dollar. They are in a 1:1 ratio

投资是根据每个人的经济情况来决定的，但是你要知道，你投资的本金和你得到的利润是成正比的。

Investing is based on each person's financial situation, but you should know that the principal you invest is directly proportional to the profit you get.

一开始我不建议你投入大量资金。当你熟悉它的运作方式时，你可以投入更多的钱。我刚入手50000美金，我们是财富的主人，你自己做主

I don't recommend you invest a lot of money at first. As you get familiar with how it works, you can invest more money. I just started $50,000. We are the masters of our wealth, you make your own decisions

当然，你可以自己决定。我同时使用IEX和 Crypto.com 交易所，并使用 Crypto.com 交易所作为跳板将硬币转移到IEX去中心化交易所。这让我可以避免美国国税局的检查，也可以让我避免巨额税收。

Of course, you can decide for yourself. I use both the IEX and Crypto.com exchanges and use the Crypto.com exchange as a springboard to move coins to the IEX decentralized exchange. This allows me to avoid IRS inspections and also allows me to avoid huge taxes.

你第一次打算用多少钱来熟悉这个过程。别担心，有我在你身边你放心我会对你的资金负责

How much are you going to spend the first time to get familiar with the process. Don't worry, you have me on your side.Don't worry I will be responsible for your money

我从来不长期持有，我只进行短期交易，我是利用加密货币的节点，判断波段的涨跌，从而选择适合当天获利的硬币进行双向交易，获利周期只需要30秒。如果我们购买的是看涨30秒结算的时候比特币只需要上涨0.01，那我们就是获利的，同样的如果我们买下跌，30秒结算的时候比特币只需要下跌0.01，那我们也是获利的！

I never hold long term, I only trade short term, I use the nodes of cryptocurrencies to determine the ups and downs of the wave, so that I can choose the right coin for the day to make a two way trade, the profit cycle only takes 30 seconds. If we buy calls 30 seconds after the settlement bitcoin only need to rise 0.01, then we are profitable, the same if we buy down, 30 seconds after the settlement bitcoin only need to fall 0.01, then we are also profitable!

我也用和Coinbase，但我只是用这两个钱包作为我短期交易的工具

I also use and Coinbase, but I only use these two wallets as my short-term trading tools

我同时用crypto.com和Coinbase买币，然后把币送到二级市场IEX做短线交易，因为加密钱包只是我们买币的工具，不具备短线交易的性质，比如你说当你只在钱包里买币时，你只能持有很长时间。如果资产投资在加密钱包中，我们的盈利能力是由市场趋势决定的。我是一个保守的投资女性，我永远不会把我的资产交付于一个不确定的市场

I buy coins with both crypto.com and Coinbase and then send the coins to the secondary market IEX for short term trading because crypto wallets are just tools for us to buy coins and do not have the nature of short term trading, like when you say when you only buy coins in your wallet you can only hold them for a long time. If the assets are invested in a crypto wallet, our profitability is determined by the market trend. I am a conservative investing woman and I would never commit my assets to an uncertain market

我认为每个人都有优势。在这一点上，我们可以互相学习。当我成为你的老师，你就可以成为我在其他领域的老师，互相学习，为彼此增加一个新的高度。

I think everyone has strengths. At this point, we can learn from each other. When I become your teacher, you can become my teacher in other areas, learning from each other and adding a new level to each other

看起来不错，当我有足够的时间时，我会研究这个，现在我在加密货币领域有可观的收入，我喜欢学习新事物，我对我目前正在进行的短期交易感到满意，所以我会在等待机会的同时花时间享受生活

Looks good, I will look into this when I have enough time, right now I have a substantial income in the cryptocurrency space, I like learning new things and I am happy with the short term trading I am currently doing, so I will take time to enjoy life while I wait for opportunities

我不得不说你是个聪明人。在这方面，我非常佩服你。我对你有了新的认识。我相信你会成功的。当然，我参与过很多投资领域。也许这方面我会酌情给你好的建议

I have to say you are a smart guy. I admire you very much in this regard. I have a new appreciation for you. I am sure you will be successful. Of course, I have been involved in many areas of investment. Maybe I will give you good advice in this area at my discretion

你一定非常了解你的职业安全，也许你应该教我如何在你有机会的时候更好地保护自己哈哈

You must know your job security very well, maybe you should teach me how to protect myself better when you have the chance haha

但希望大家明白，所有的投资领域长期持有都是有风险的，因为市场因素是未知的，就像最近俄罗斯和乌克兰的局势影响了全球经济市场，还有投资领域，你们可以看到美国最稳定的股票市场，比如纳斯达克，都受到了影响，这意味着长期投资项目存在未知因素。前段时间恒大事件也波及全球投资市场。一样的概念，所以不推荐长线持有，也不会选择长线，因为我是保守的投资女性

But I hope you understand that all investment areas are risky to hold for a long time, because

market factors are unknown, just like the recent situation in Russia and Ukraine has affected the global economic market, and the investment area, you can see that the most stable stock market in the United States, such as NASDAQ, has been affected, which means there are unknown factors for long-term investment projects. The Everest incident some time ago also affected the global investment market. The same concept, so it is not recommended to hold long term, and will not choose long term, because I am a conservative investment woman

你是个很孝顺的人，很有责任感。我非常欣赏像你这样的人。当然，让你的工作和收入多样化也很重要。我们可以互相学习一切，并朝着良好的反应前进。到发展。

You are a very filial person and very responsible. I really appreciate people like you. Of course, it is also important to diversify your work and income. We can learn everything from each other and move towards a good response. To development.

30秒投资只是我带你熟悉整个流程，因为它的利润很少，我更倾向于60秒投资，因为这个可以在可控的风险内使我的利润最大化，并且我很少获取30秒的数据，我大多数时间在分析60秒的走势

30 seconds investing is just me taking you through the whole process because it has very little profit, I prefer 60 seconds investing because this maximizes my profit within a controlled risk, and I rarely get 30 seconds data, I spend most of my time analyzing the 60 seconds trend

我是根据boll MACD djk这三大指标来结合自己的仓位来决定操作30秒还是60秒

I am based on boll MACD djk these three indicators to combine their positions to decide whether to operate 30 seconds or 60 seconds

我同时使用Crypto.com和coinbase交易所作为跳板，将硬币转移到SIX去中心化交易所。这可以让我避免国税局的检查，也可以让我避免巨大的税收。

I use both Crypto.com and the coinbase exchange as a jumping off point to move coins to the SIX decentralized exchange. This allows me to avoid IRS inspections and also allows me to avoid huge taxes.

每次选择货币，都会观察各种货币的K线图，并整合所有货币近期行情的大数据，做出弹性线回归分析图，规避风险，最小化风险，最大化预期收益.找一个不能说十全十美的，但是在波动大的时候盈利绝对是比较好的一个。

Every time you choose a currency, you will observe the K-line charts of various currencies and integrate the big data of the recent market of all currencies to make a flexible line regression analysis chart to avoid risks, minimize risks and maximize expected returns. Looking for one that can't be said to be perfect, but is definitely one of the better ones to profit in times of high volatility.

受疫情影响，经济大幅下滑，很多行业倒闭，很多人失业。这真的很可怕。在此期间，美元一直在贬值，国际汇率一直在贬值。当前的病毒导致商品价格上涨，美元一直在贬值，因此我必须保持资产的价值流行。现在只有比特币不受这种流行病的影响。而且一直在上涨，所以现在是做加密货币的最佳时机。

The economy has plummeted as a result of the epidemic, with many industries closing and many people losing their jobs. It was really scary. During this time, the dollar has been depreciating and international exchange rates have been depreciating. The current virus has caused commodity prices to go up and the dollar has been depreciating, so I have to keep the value of my assets popular. Right now only Bitcoin is unaffected by this epidemic. And it has been going up, so now is the best time to be a cryptocurrency.

好吧，你和我不一样，起初我想去加拿大温哥华那里谋生，但临行前改变了方向，我害怕寒冷，所以我选择来美国迈阿密，在来美国之后我并没有很快的拥有美容院，我在一家口碑比较好的美容院做医疗老师，刚开始一个月收入在15k-20k，你知道美容师的薪资大概是多少，做得好一个月也有30k-60k，这是一个资深医疗美容师的待遇。于是第二个月我的工资便达到了25k以上，加上我的加密收入，我在工作5个月后和我姑姑经营了一家属于自己的美容院，之后慢慢做大

Well, you and I are not the same, at first I wanted to go to Vancouver, Canada there to make a living, but before the trip changed direction, I was afraid of the cold, so I chose to come to the United States Miami, after coming to the United States I did not have a salon soon, I worked in a relatively good reputation of the salon as a medical teacher, at first a month income in 15k-20k, you know the salary of the aesthetician is about how much, do a good month Also have 30k-60k, which is a senior medical esthetician treatment. So the second month my salary reached more than 25k, plus my crypto income, I worked 5 months after and my aunt ran a beauty salon of their own, and then slowly grew larger

现在你看到的我并不是一个很完美的女人，尽管你看到我的收入很高，但我付出的经历和投入的资金也很多，天下没有容易获得的东西，都需要自己去付出.

Now you see me is not a very perfect woman, although you see my income is very high, but I pay the experience and invest a lot of money, the world is not easy to get things, all need to pay for themselves.

他们会相信的，加密和股票一样，但加密有长期交易，短期交易，日内交易，超短期交易，这是他们所不知道的，只要你把税收缴纳，他们会重新对你有一个新的看法，巴菲特自传中说过一句话，不要在乎别人的眼光，去做吧。

They will believe it, crypto is like stocks, but crypto has long term trading, short term trading, intraday trading, ultra short term trading, this is what they don't know, once you pay your taxes, they will have a new view of you, Warren Buffett said in his autobiography, don't care what people think, go for it.

事实上，我和你说，虽然你比我大很多，但我有自己独特的经验。如果我选择做其他行业，比如制作烧烤店，我也会赚一大笔利润。因为我有这个信心，我有丰富的销售技巧

In fact, let me tell you, although you are much older than me, I have my own unique experience. If I had chosen to do another business, like making barbecue restaurants, I would have made a ton of profit too. Because I have that confidence and I have extensive sales skills

所以，就算我失败了，我也不会感到恐慌。我的心态很好，我不会因为困难而逃避它。我只会想办法完成它，只要它是对的。事实上很多时候没有到最后面，你也不知道是对还是错，哈哈，但心态是第一，无论何时，我把我的家人和朋友放在第一位。如果有一天加勒比海盗把我的朋友和我的孩子掳走了，并要求我所有的资产，我不会犹豫

So, even if I fail, I don't panic. I have a good mindset that I won't run away from it because it's difficult. I'll just find a way to finish it, as long as it's right. In fact a lot of times you don't know if it's right or wrong until you get to the end, haha, but mindset is number one and whenever I do, I put my family and friends first. If one day the Pirates of the Caribbean took my friends and my children captive and claimed all my assets, I wouldn't hesitate

我很早就开始拥有股票。 流行初期，我退出了股市。 只保留特斯拉股票。 我只是从高位卖出特斯拉股票。 在COVID的影响下。 全球经济普遍下降。 股市动荡。 到目前为止，它仍然不稳定。 今天的股票市场不像1990年代那样具有发展潜力的股票市场。 相反，今天的股市是已经达到瓶颈期的股市。 过去的增长率远低于回报率。 换句话说，增长率已经处于专业瓶颈时期。 增长速度比下降速度慢。 回报率低于损失率。 这是我退出股市的原因之一

I started owning stocks at an early age. Early in the epidemic, I got out of the stock market. Only kept Tesla stock. I just sold Tesla stock from the highs. Under the influence of COVID. Global economy generally declined. The stock market was volatile. So far, it remains unstable. Today's stock market is not a stock market with growth potential like it was in the 1990s. Instead, today's stock market is a stock market that has reached a bottleneck. Growth rates have been much lower than returns in the past. In other words, growth rates have been in a professional bottleneck. The rate of growth is slower than the rate of decline. The rate of return is lower than the rate of loss. This is one of the reasons why I got out of the stock market

你是一个聪明的男人，依靠劳动力赚取收入的时代早已经过去，你有丰富的投资领域，这一点很不错，但是有一点你需要考虑到，所有的周期长的投资领域存在普遍的缺陷是市场的因素是无法预测以及避免的，就像前段时间马克思在《周六夜现场》的演讲让狗狗币的市场价值下跌30%

You are a smart man, the days of relying on labor to earn income are long gone, you have a rich investment field, which is great, but one thing you need to take into account is that the general flaw in all long-cycle investment fields is that market factors are unpredictable as well as unavoidable, just like Max's speech on Saturday Night Live some time ago that dropped the market value of dog coins by 30%

这就是我选择进行短期交易的原因，可以避免市场带来的无法预测因素从而避免风险

This is why I choose to trade short-term, to avoid the unpredictability of the market and thus avoid risk

是的，意识到时代的趋势很重要，依靠劳动力获得收入具有局限性，特别是在大流行的时代，如果我们没有一份被动的收入，让我们的工作和收入变得多元化，我们将会在这个时态被淘汰，所以我们需要让自己拥有一份被动收入，使生活有一份保障

Yes, it is important to be aware of the trend of the times, relying on labor for income has limitations, especially in the age of pandemic, if we do not have a passive income to diversify our work and income, we will be eliminated in this tense, so we need to make ourselves have a passive income to make a secure life

在去年7月份的时候。我也曾经遇见过一次很好的投资机会，但是那时候疫情很严重。我的生意受到了很大的影响。我所有的钱都用于维持我的生意。当时那个投资机会很珍贵。但是我没有对于的资金来用来投资。我不能错过它。所以当时我向sixswiss平台在线客服咨询了贷款。我成功的获得了300000美元的贷款。我利用这笔钱加上我向我姑姑借了200000美元的资金顺利的参与了那一次的投资。在那一次投资中我赚到了大约400000美元的利润。我在我的服装店生意好起来以后拿到周转的资金去在线客服在约定时间还清了贷款。我很庆幸我做出了正确的决定。400000美元的利润不但让我成功度过了我的财务危机也让我度过了那段最痛苦的时间。

In July of last year. I had also met a good investment opportunity, but the epidemic was very serious at that time. My business was greatly affected. All the money I had was used to maintain my business. That investment opportunity was very precious at that time. But I didn't have the money to invest. I couldn't miss it. So at that time I asked for a loan from sixswiss platform online customer service. I managed to get a loan of $300,000. I used this money plus the $200,000 I borrowed from my aunt to successfully participate in that investment. I made a profit of about $400,000 from that investment. I got the working capital to pay off the loan at the appointed time when my clothing store business was up and running and went to online customer service. I'm glad I made the right decision. $400,000 in profits not only helped me get through my financial crisis but also helped me get through that most painful time.

加密货币的宗旨就是去中心化，在以往的老传统投资领域中，我们的一切都是由银行监管，掌握我们的一切交易信息以及个人信息，在加密领域中用户本身担任了银行的角色，并且在隐私方面我们得到了足够的保障

The purpose of cryptocurrencies is decentralization. In the old traditional investment world, we were all supervised by banks that had all our transaction information and personal information.

加密领域完美的解决了人们互相不信任的问题，我们的账单和记录都是公开的，但是我们的用户信息是绝对得到隐私保护的，这一点你需要清楚

The encrypted domain is the perfect solution to the problem of people not trusting each other. Our bills and records are public, but our users' information is absolutely protected by privacy, which you need to be clear about

但是我相信你在实体事业方面也具有很强的能力，不得不说，每一个人都有属于自己的擅长领域，我们需要做的就是互相交流，完美的达到互补的作用

But I believe you also have a strong ability in the physical business, I have to say, everyone has their own area of expertise, we need to do is to communicate with each other, the perfect complementary role

我不介意学习新事物，并且我也愿意进入一个新的领域去得到新的发现，从而提升自我

I don't mind learning new things, and I am willing to enter a new field to make new discoveries to improve myself

现在是报团取暖的时代，一个人的力量远远比不上一群人， 大家的头脑总比一个人好，我们每个人都不是巴菲特，巴菲他分析股市也会有他的专业团队，所以这就诠释了当前时代报团取暖的重要性

Now is the era of group warming, the power of one person is far less than a group of people, everyone's mind is always better than one person, each of us is not Warren Buffett, Buffy his analysis of the stock market will also have his professional team, so this explains the importance of the current era of group warming

1.我认为我们正在进入一个时代，比特币成为人民和国家主要储备货币之一的潜力比以往任何时候都更加清晰。这不会是一帆风顺的旅程，但对于那些踏上旅程的人来说，这将是一次非常有意义的旅程。

I think we are entering an era where the potential for Bitcoin to become one of the major reserve currencies for people and countries is clearer than ever. It won't be a smooth ride, but it will be a very rewarding one for those who embark on it.

2.加密技术保护个人权利的力量。就像现在乌克兰人用它来保护他们的财富免遭战争，而俄罗斯人用它来逃离这个国家并保留一定程度的资产。此外，加密使全球社区能够与正在发生的事情密切互动。

The power of encryption technology to protect the rights of individuals. Just as Ukrainians now use it to protect their wealth from war, Russians use it to flee the country and retain a certain level of assets. In addition, encryption allows the global community to interact closely with what is happening.

3.今天的税收比往年更多了，我们向政府缴纳了更多的税。该死的税，我不喜欢这一点。但是正如我们所看见的这几年的疫情还有现在正在发生的战争。政府似乎什么都没有做。政府依然让我们的资产安全和生命安全处于危险之中。所有我认为我们需要找到更多的方式来保护我们自己的家人免受危险。还有保护我们自己的资金财产安全。

We're paying more taxes to the government today than we have in previous years. Damn taxes, I don't like that. But as we've seen these last few years with the epidemic and the war that's going on right now. The government doesn't seem to be doing anything. The government is still putting the safety of our assets and the safety of our lives at risk. So I think we need to find more ways to protect our own families from danger. And to protect our own money and assets.

4.我现在正在做的就是将一些资金投入到加密货币中进行挖矿。我想这可以在明年为我很好的解决我的税收问题。最重要的是我很喜欢它的隐私性。当我们把钱放在银行时。我们的钱都会收到政府机构和银行的监管，我们的隐私都暴露在他们的眼中。我不喜欢这样。但是加密货币很好的解决了这一点。它不仅很好的保证了我的资金安全的同时也让我的隐私得到了保护。

What I'm doing now is putting some money into cryptocurrencies for mining. I think this could work out well for me next year with my taxes. The most important thing is that I really like the privacy of it. When we put our money in the bank. Our money receives regulation from government agencies and banks and our privacy is exposed to their eyes. I don't like that. But cryptocurrency solves that very well. Not only does it keep my money safe but it also keeps my privacy protected.

我认为每个人都有优势。在这一点上，我们可以互相学习。当我成为你的老师，你就可以成为我在其他领域的老师，互相学习，为彼此增加一个新的高度。

I think everyone has strengths. At this point, we can learn from each other. When I become your teacher, you can become my teacher in other areas, learning from each other and adding a new level to each other.

看起来不错，当我有足够的时间时，我会研究这个，现在我在加密货币领域有可观的收入，我喜欢学习新事物，我对我目前正在进行的短期交易感到满意，所以我会在等待机会的同时花时间享受生活

Looks good, I will look into this when I have enough time, right now I have a substantial income in the cryptocurrency space, I like learning new things and I am happy with the short term trading I am currently doing, so I will take time to enjoy life while I wait for opportunities

我不得不说你是个聪明人。在这方面，我非常佩服你。我对你有了新的认识。我相信你会成功的。当然，我参与过很多投资领域。也许这方面我会酌情给你好的建议

I have to say you are a smart guy. I admire you very much in this regard. I have a new appreciation for you. I am sure you will be successful. Of course, I have been involved in many areas of investment. Maybe I will give you good advice in this area at my discretion

你一定非常了解你的职业安全，也许你应该教我如何在你有机会的时候更好地保护自己哈哈

You must know your job security very well, maybe you should teach me how to protect myself better when you have the chance haha

专业观点讨论篇

问：

你是如何进入金融行业的？

How did you get into the financial industry?

答：在

2007年的时候

我

的姑姑

做了一个非常典型的前 GFC（全球金融危机） 路线。

那时候她

在哥伦比亚大学主修数学，在一家投资银行进行了暑期实习，后来成为全职分析师。2008 年，

她

在东京的瑞士信贷开始从事股票异国衍生品交易，在金融危机期间被解雇。然后我

姑姑

很幸运地在?

Flow

?Traders 找到了一个初级交易员的角色，Flow Traders 是一家在新加坡扩张的荷兰 ETF 做市公司。在那里做了几年，然后在香港的一家投资银行工作了一年，最后

我姑姑和她

的高中和大学同学合作

开了投资工作室

，从事新兴市场外汇交易。

姑姑

当时

33

岁

。就跟我现在的年龄是一样的。

在那个年龄开始自己的基金是非常罕见的

。

In 2007 my aunt did a very typical pre-GFC (Global Financial Crisis) route. She majored in mathematics at Columbia University, did a summer internship at an investment bank, and later became a full-time analyst. in 2008, she started trading exotic derivatives on equities at Credit Suisse in Tokyo, and was fired during the financial crisis. My aunt was then lucky enough to land a role as a junior trader at Flow Traders, a Dutch ETF market making firm expanding in Singapore. After a few years there, then a year at an investment bank in Hong Kong, my aunt ended up partnering with her high school and college friends to open an investment studio to trade emerging market forex. My aunt was 33 years old. Just the same age as I am now. It is very rare to start your own fund at that age.

问：

是什么吸引你去加密货币行业？

What attracted you to the cryptocurrency industry?

答：

我

跟我的姑姑

在

2019

年初开始涉足比特币。主要活动集中在

新加坡

的交易所，你可以做各种套利交易。在 20

19

年末，我非常清楚，仅从参与该领域的年轻人的才干和精力来看，加密货币将遵循创造性破坏的 dot-com （指自1995年至2001年间的互联网泡沫）周期，然后最终成为跨越金融、技术、文化与政治。

I started dabbling in bitcoin with my aunt in early 2019. The main activity is focused on the exchange in Singapore, where you can do all kinds of arbitrage transactions. At the end of 2019, it is very clear to me, just from the talent and energy of the young people involved in the space, that cryptocurrencies will follow the dot-com (referring to the Internet bubble from 1995 to 2001) cycle of creative destruction before eventually becoming crossover financial, technological, cultural and political.

问：

你在

各种投资

的主要关注领域是什么？

What are your main areas of focus in various investments?

答：

衍生品交易一直是我们的谋生之道，并将永远是我们工作的重要组成部分，它也与我们的风险投资息息相关。自 2018 年以来，加密交易公司表现良好，因为无论市场条件好坏，它们都有资源投资于优秀人才。我们没有任何外部投资者，这使我们能够对市场时机做出非常好的决策，然后我们将其用于对整个生态系统的持续再投资。确保我们从市场波动中获得收入并继续投资于团队是我的第一要务

Derivatives trading has always been a way to make a living and will always be an important part of what we do, it is also tied to our venture capital. Since 2018, crypto trading firms have performed well because they have the resources to invest in great talent regardless of market conditions. We don't have any outside investors, which allows us to make very good decisions about market timing, which we then use for ongoing reinvestment in the entire ecosystem. Making sure we generate revenue from market fluctuations and continue to invest in our team is my number one priority

问：

哪些领域最有潜力？

Which areas have the most potential?

答：

我相信阿马拉定律，即技术在短期内被高估，从长远来看被低估，特别是在应用于加密货币时。如今，最具潜力的领域甚至可能不被认为是加密用例。也就是说，我很高兴看到像 Avalanche 这样的可扩展 L1s 可以为用户和应用程序开发人员带来什么。我们甚至不知道当用户数量开始进入数百万、数千万和数亿时，可能会出现什么样的网络效应和紧急行为。人们今天使用并认为是 web2 领域的大多数应用程序最终将被轻量级和社区拥有的 web3 技术所破坏。

I believe in Amara's Law, which states that technology is overrated in the short term and underrated in the long term, especially when applied to cryptocurrencies. Today, the most promising areas may not even be considered crypto use cases. That said, I'm excited to see what scalable L1s like Avalanche can bring to users and application developers. We don't even know what kind of network effects and emergency behavior might occur when the number of users starts to move into the millions, tens of millions, and hundreds of millions. Most of the applications that people use today and consider to be in the web2 space will eventually be disrupted by lightweight and community-owned web3 technologies.

我还认为我们正在进入一个时代，比特币成为人民和国家主要储备货币之一的潜力比以往任何时候都更加清晰。这不会是一帆风顺的旅程，但对于那些踏上旅程的人来说，这将是一次非常有意义的旅程。

I also think we are entering an era where the potential for Bitcoin to become one of the major reserve currencies for people and countries is clearer than ever. It won't be a smooth ride, but it will be a very rewarding one for those who embark on it.

问：

关于加密货币最糟糕的事情是什么？

What's the worst thing about cryptocurrencies?

答：

加密社区之间的部落主义和激烈竞争。奥地利经济学家米塞斯预测了私人资金和技术的公开竞争，我认为我们现在看到这种情况正在以一种高风险的方式上演。尽管如此，当人们在这些资产中拥有高比例的净资产时，紧张局势不可避免地会加剧，并且在某种程度上它也显示了社区的复原力以及人们真正愿意为之奋斗的东西。

Tribalism and fierce competition among crypto communities. Austrian economist Mises predicted open competition for private money and technology, and I think we're now seeing that play out in a high-stakes way. That said, when people have a high percentage of net worth in these assets, tensions inevitably increase, and to some extent it also shows the resilience of communities and what people are really willing to fight for.

问：

乌克兰战争揭示了关于加密货币的哪些信息？

What does the war in Ukraine reveal about cryptocurrencies?

答：

加密技术保护个人权利的力量。乌克兰人用它来保护他们的财富免遭战争，而俄罗斯人用它来逃离这个国家并保留一定程度的资产。此外，加密使全球社区能够与正在发生的事情密切互动。

The power of encryption technology to protect the rights of individuals. Ukrainians use it to protect their wealth from war, while Russians use it to flee the country and retain some level of assets. In addition, encryption allows the global community to interact closely with what is happening.

问：

你经常提到历史和哲学。这些主题如何影响你的工作？

You often refer to history and philosophy. How do these themes influence your work?

答：

要真正获得加密货币，你必须了解它是针对什么反应以及它是朝着什么方向发展的。对我来说，加密代表了以下几种趋势：

1.

远离中心化控制，走向去中心化决策；远离封闭源代码的围墙花园，走向开源讨论；从机构所有制转向个人所有制；远离许可资产，走向自主无记名资产；远离裙带资本主义，走向集体资本主义；从平台从创作者和粉丝那里获取价值，转向创作者与粉丝分享价值。

Away from centralized control and toward decentralized decision-making; away from walled gardens with closed source code and toward open source discussions; away from institutional ownership and toward individual ownership; away from licensed assets and toward autonomous bearer assets; away from crony capitalism and toward collective capitalism; and away from platforms capturing value from creators and fans and toward creators sharing value with fans.

2.

我是一个自由主义者，但同时我也是一个志愿主义者。这意味着我不希望将每个人都转

为

我自己的思维方式——我只是希望帮助建立一个存在平行以自由为中心的系统的世界，并且在以后的某个时间点，任何人都可以参与这个系统，因为他们觉得合适。

I'm a libertarian, but at the same time I'm a voluntarist. That means I don't want to convert everyone to my own way of thinking - I just want to help build a world where a parallel freedom-centered system exists and where, at some point down the road, anyone can participate in that system as they see fit.

3

.

个体的第一个重大胜利是互联网的出现，第二个是 1990 年代开源对等加密技术的发展。当时，个人端到端加密的存在令人震惊，以至于美国政府试图将其传播视为军用级技术的非法出口。

The first major victory for individuals was the advent of the Internet, and the second was the development of open source peer-to-peer encryption in the 1990s. At the time, the existence of end-to-end encryption for individuals was so alarming that the U.S. government tried to treat its dissemination as an illegal export of military-grade technology

.

4

.

从那时起，我们了解到这些实际上是我们一直拥有的不可剥夺的人权。技术使行为重新变得像给某人现金或在现实世界中进行简单对话一样自然。我将加密的概念称为“恢复失地运动”技术，因为它是收回个人随着时间推移放弃的关键基础的关键步骤。

Since then, we have learned that these are in fact inalienable human rights that we have always had. Technology has made behavior as natural again as giving someone cash or having a simple conversation in the real world. I refer to the concept of encryption as a "movement to recover lost ground" technology because it is a critical step in reclaiming the key foundations that individuals have abandoned over time.

问：

在历史或哲学方面，你最崇拜哪个人？

Which person do you admire most in terms of history or philosophy?

答：

如果你看看像李光耀（新加坡已故开国总理）这样的人，他通过新加坡与马来西亚的分离所取得的成就是令人难以置信的未来主义。从本质上讲，新加坡是第一个创业城市。它必须在危险的地缘政治环境中经历国家建设的多重挑战：安全、能源、经济和文化。我看到了很多与加密社区建设本身的类比。你必须相信社区的力量和集体的行动意志，以及不间断的透明度和诚实的重要性以及在思想战场上取胜的能力。

If you look at someone like Lee Kuan Yew (the late founding Prime Minister of Singapore), what he achieved through the separation of Singapore from Malaysia was incredibly futuristic. Essentially, Singapore was the first entrepreneurial city. It has to go through multiple challenges of nation building in a dangerous geopolitical environment: security, energy, economy and culture. I see a lot of analogies with crypto community building itself. You have to believe in the power of community and the collective will to act, as well as the importance of uninterrupted transparency and honesty and the ability to win on the battlefield of ideas.

1.

长期来看，很多国家将会积极拜摆脱过度依赖的现有金融体系，并且其中一部分会采用可信中立的技术，一部分会致力于创建替代性的系统。但是整个过程将花费数年的时间。在这段时间加密在其中所扮演的角色将会发挥重大作用。

In the long term, many countries will actively seek to move away from their overly dependent existing financial systems, and some of them will adopt trustworthy and neutral technologies, while others will work to create alternative systems. But the whole process will take several years. In the meantime the role of encryption will play a major role.

2.

债券和现金的价值都在流失，投资者意识到他们必须去抓住财富的增长，不能依靠法币或债券等。

Both bonds and cash are losing value and investors are realizing they have to go out and capture the growth in wealth and can't rely on fiat currency or bonds, etc.

3.

现阶段已进入了一个加密大联盟的阶段。人们会思考什么应当投资什么，什么会伤害到其投资组合。根据通货紧缩的特性，它对于加密市场本身不会产生特别大的影响。因为现在通货紧缩还非常早期，这些力量还不足以影响加密资产的TVL。

At this stage it has entered a phase where crypto is a big league. People will be thinking about what should be invested in and what will hurt their portfolios. By the nature of deflation, it will not have a particularly large impact on the crypto market itself. Because it is still very early in deflation, these forces are not enough to affect the TVL of crypto assets.

4.

一个可信的中立系统的想法是受大家喜爱的，因为我们相信多级世界的秩序下，某个国家无法制裁某个人，并且在这个世界中的人更愿意去贡献，因为他们无法认可一个世界秩序。

The idea of a credible neutral system is beloved by all because we believe in a multi-level world order where one country cannot sanction someone and where people in the world are more willing to contribute because they cannot endorse a world order.

5.

从长期来看，很多国家将会积极拜摆脱过度依赖的现有金融体系，并且其中一部分会采用可信中立的技术，一部分会致力于创建替代性的系统。但是整个过程将花费数年的时间。所以加密在其中所扮演的角色将会发挥重大作用。

In the long run, many countries will actively seek to move away from their overly dependent existing financial systems, and some of them will adopt trustworthy and neutral technologies, while others will work to create alternative systems. But the whole process will take years. So the role of crypto in this will play a major role.

6.

加密货币是一种可靠的中立货币，是一个可靠的中立平台，可以被使用进行交易。本质上来说加密货币将成为一切。

Cryptocurrency is a reliable neutral currency, a reliable neutral platform that can be used for transactions. Essentially cryptocurrency will be everything.

7.

主权个人做出的其中一个预测是，随着我们进入信息社会，人们所做工作将主要在互联网上，是数字化的。

One of the predictions made by sovereign individuals is that as we move into the information society, the work that people do will be primarily on the Internet and digital.

8.

持续的通货膨胀，紧缩的货币政策，或逆转为较低的通货膨胀导致中央银行保持低利率。而上述这些都是可能发生的情况，并对加密货币市场产生影响。

Sustained inflation, tight monetary policy, or reversal to lower inflation causing central banks to keep interest rates low. And all of the above are possible scenarios and have an impact on the cryptocurrency market.

9.

对于宏观经济情况：通货膨胀将继续持续，这使得加密货币的表现可能会超过其他资产类别。报告称，这一情况很有可能会发生，“因为比特币承担了其作为反通货膨胀的价值储存的地位”。

For the macroeconomic scenario: inflation will continue to persist, making it likely that cryptocurrencies will outperform other asset classes. The report says this is likely to happen "as bitcoin assumes its position as an anti-inflationary store of value."

10.

2022年，市场未来走势趋于：比特币先是延续去年11月份开始的下行趋势，一路跌至3.3万美元附近，创下半年内新低，然后于1月下旬由弱转强并重新站上4万美元大关。此前已陷入极度恐慌的市场情绪随之出现大幅缓解。

In 2022, the future trend of the market tends to be the same: Bitcoin first continued the downward trend that began last November, falling all the way to near $33,000, a new low within the second half of the year, before turning from weakness to strength and regaining the $40,000 mark in late January. Market sentiment, which had previously been in a state of extreme panic, then eased significantly.

事实上，早在今年2月份，美国银行就提及，比特币交易更像是风险资产而不是通胀对冲。不过，值得一提的是，今年4月份，美国银行策略师在一份每周研究报告中警告称，由于美联储收紧货币政策以抑制通胀，美国宏观经济形势正在迅速恶化，可能会将美国经济推入衰退。美国银行首席投资策略师Michael Hartnett表示，在这种背景下，现金、波动性、大宗商品和比特币和以太坊等加密货币的表现可能优于债券和股票。

In fact, back in February this year, Bank of America mentioned that bitcoin trading was more of a risk asset than an inflation hedge. However, it is worth noting that in April this year, Bank of America strategists warned in a weekly research report that the macroeconomic situation in the U.S. is deteriorating rapidly and could push the U.S. economy into recession as the Federal Reserve tightens monetary policy to curb inflation. In this context, cash, volatility, commodities and cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and ethereum are likely to outperform bonds and stocks, said Michael Hartnett, chief investment strategist at Bank of America.

问：

乌克兰战争表明，加密货币在人道主义危机中具有前所未有的关键作用，还是表明它们完全不可驯服？

Does the war in Ukraine show that cryptocurrencies have an unprecedented and critical role in humanitarian crises, or that they are completely untamable?

答：

在俄罗斯开始入侵乌克兰后不久，乌克兰政府在推特上请求以

BTC

、

ETH

和USDT的形式

1.

获得资助。据总部位于基辅的Kuna交易所的创始人、乌克兰区块链协会主席Michael Chobanian说，目前收到的总金额已超过6000万美元。Chobanian定期通过他的推特账号更新数据。

Shortly after Russia began its invasion of Ukraine, the Ukrainian government took to Twitter to request funding in the form of BTC, ETH and USDT1. The total amount received so far exceeds $60 million, according to Michael Chobanian, founder of the Kiev-based Kuna exchange and chairman of the Ukrainian Blockchain Association. Chobanian regularly updates the data via his Twitter account.

2.

与世界各国政府承诺的援助不同，乌克兰军方在几分钟内就能获得这些资金，而不需要几周的时间。

.Unlike the aid promised by governments around the world, the Ukrainian military was able to access these funds within minutes, rather than weeks.

3.

对于个人来说，加密货币可以提供一种潜在的逃离危机的救生方法。

来自利沃夫的一名计算机程序员表示，多亏了

比特币

，他得以逃脱这场战争。由于提款机受到严格限制，并且银行门口排起了长队，他得以将所有的积蓄转移到边境另一边的波兰。现在，他在波兰志愿帮助乌克兰打赢这场数字战争，对抗网络宣传，鼓励俄罗斯人发声。

For individuals, cryptocurrencies can offer a potentially life-saving way to escape the crisis. A computer programmer from Lviv says he was able to escape the war thanks to Bitcoin. With strict restrictions on ATMs and long lines at the banks, he was able to move all of his savings across the border to Poland. Now, in Poland, he volunteers to help Ukraine win the digital war, fight online propaganda and encourage Russians to speak out.

4.

然而，俄罗斯人也可以采用同样的方式快速转移大笔资金。随着对传统经济的制裁力度加大，寡头和普通民众都在寻找新的方式来转移资金，并避免旨在切断俄罗斯与全球资金流动联系的机制。加密货币就是其中的一部分。

However, Russians can also use the same methods to move large sums of money quickly. As sanctions on the traditional economy intensify, oligarchs and ordinary people alike are looking for new ways to move money and avoid mechanisms designed to cut Russia off from global financial flows. Cryptocurrencies are part of that.

问：

加密货币监管已经在产生影响

？

Is Cryptocurrency Regulation Already Having an Impact?

答：

1.

我相信还有更多可以做而且应该做的事情。

我相信在未来加密货币可以

使企业能够将加密代币等数字资产兑换成法定货币，并将其发送到银行账户。这是因为，在现实世界中，绝大多数交易仍然是通过法币进行的。加密货币正在迅速成熟

。

I believe there is much more that can and should be done. I believe that in the future cryptocurrencies could enable businesses to exchange digital assets such as crypto tokens into fiat currency and send them to bank accounts. This is because, in the real world, the vast majority of transactions are still conducted through fiat currency. Cryptocurrencies are maturing rapidly.

2.

无论是出于这些压力，还是出于自身的道德立场，许多大型加密货币交易所现在都在执行制裁。但他们抵制全面禁止的呼吁，认为这会伤害

所有的加密用户

。还有一种观点认为，人们会找到其他方法来打破制裁。币安首席执行官赵长鹏表示：“如果人们想避免制裁，总是有多种方法。你可以用现金，用钻石，用黄金来规避。我不认为加密货币有什么特别之处。”然而，这种观点忽视了加密货币的数字本质，这使得它们比任何传统的实物价值存储方式更容易、更快地转移资金。

Whether due to these pressures or their own ethical stance, many large cryptocurrency exchanges are now enforcing sanctions. But they are resisting calls for a total ban, arguing that it would hurt all crypto users. There is also a view that people will find other ways to break the sanctions. If people want to avoid sanctions, there are always multiple ways to do it," said Changpeng Zhao, CEO of Coin Security. You can use cash, you can use diamonds, you can use gold to circumvent. I don't think there's anything special about cryptocurrencies." However, this view ignores the digital nature of cryptocurrencies, which makes them easier and faster to transfer money than any traditional way of storing physical value.

3.我认为

监管机构并没有赢得这场战争，远远没有。但他们正在加大力度寻找规避加密货币制裁的途径。我们自己的经验告诉我，对加密资产的监管审查只会朝着一个方向发展。

这会是一个漫长的旅程。但是我们现在就在旅程之中。

I don't think regulators are winning the battle, far from it. But they are stepping up their efforts to find ways to circumvent cryptocurrency sanctions. Our own experience tells me that regulatory scrutiny of crypto assets is only going to go in one direction. It's going to be a long journey. But we're in the middle of the journey right now.

我在新闻中看到一些有趣的信息。

著名历史学家尼尔·弗格森撰文：加密货币和美元是合作伙伴而不是竞争对手

I saw some interesting information in the news. Noted historian Niall Ferguson writes: Cryptocurrencies and the dollar are partners, not competitors

1.

“我希望它能创造世界和平，或有助于创造世界和平。” 这就是前 Twitter 首席执行官、现任数字支付公司 Block 负责人Jack Dorsey在 2021 年 7 月的网络研讨会上谈到比特币时所说的。

"I hope it creates world peace, or helps create world peace." That's what Jack Dorsey, former Twitter CEO and current head of digital payments company Block, said about Bitcoin during a webinar in July 2021.

2.他还说

不过更有可能的是，战争会让全球对比特币产生更大的胃口。动荡时期往往与货币转型有关。一个典型的例子是，在黑死病和百年战争时期，英国的货币体系发生了根本性的改变。

He also said however it is more likely that war will create a greater global appetite for bitcoin. Turbulent times are often associated with monetary transformations. A prime example is the fundamental change in the British monetary system during the Black Death and the Hundred Years War.

3.

鼠疫过后，大宗商品价格出现了飙升——尤其是盐，从1347年到1352年，盐的价格上涨了七倍。与此同时，黑死病的幸存者能够利用紧张的劳动力市场以封建奴役换取现金工资。英国经济变得越来越货币化。

In the aftermath of the plague, commodity prices soared-especially salt, which rose sevenfold from 1347 to 1352. At the same time, survivors of the Black Death were able to take advantage of a tight labor market to exchange feudal servitude for cash wages. The English economy became increasingly monetized.

4.

与此同时，欧洲商人开发了一种新形式的点对点信用工具，即汇票，促进了英格兰、低地国家和意大利北部之间的贸易。

At the same time, European merchants developed a new form of peer-to-peer credit instrument, the bill of exchange, which facilitated trade between England, the Low Countries, and northern Italy.

5.

最近的例子比比皆是。西班牙在新大陆的征服通过增加白银和黄金的供应改变了全球经济，其中大部分用于支付哈布斯堡王朝的欧洲战争。大英帝国的扩张输出了金本位制，创造了一个以英镑为主导货币的新的、更稳定的国际货币体系。世界大战使英国负债累累，并迎来了美元主导的第一个时代，美元与黄金挂钩，其他所有主要货币与美元挂钩的程度都有所降低。

Recent examples abound. The Spanish conquests in the New World transformed the global economy by increasing the supply of silver and gold, much of which was used to pay for the Habsburgs' wars in Europe. The expansion of the British Empire exported the gold standard and created a new, more stable international monetary system with the British pound as the dominant currency. The World Wars left Britain heavily indebted and ushered in the first era of dollar dominance, with the dollar pegged to gold and all other major currencies pegged to the dollar to a lesser degree.

6.正如我们所看见的。

首先是加密货币的时代已经到来。

就像现在发送的乌克兰战争。

我们发现自己处于与加密货币类似的转折点。罗斯入侵乌克兰是第一个将加密货币纳入其中的重大事件。

As we have seen. First of all the time of cryptocurrencies has come. It's like the war in Ukraine that's being sent right now. We find ourselves at a similar turning point to cryptocurrencies. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia was the first major event to include cryptocurrencies.

7.

首先，看看加密货币行业在开战时发生了什么。在俄罗斯入侵之初，关于克里姆林宫如何以某种方式使用加密货币来逃避西方制裁的问题进行了大量讨论。

那段时间我们总是看到这样的新闻

First, look at what happened to the cryptocurrency industry at the start of the war. At the beginning of the Russian invasion, there was a lot of discussion about how the Kremlin could somehow use cryptocurrencies to evade Western sanctions. During that time we always saw news like this

8.正如我们所看见的。

加密货币在促进向乌克兰政府的私人捐款方面发挥了更大的作用

。

让我们把事情简单化。

我认为

加密货币是在不稳定地区和不稳定时期持有的有吸引力可能

比美元

更具吸引力。

As we have seen. Cryptocurrencies have played a much larger role in facilitating private donations to the Ukrainian government. Let's simplify things. I think cryptocurrencies are attractive to hold in unstable regions and unstable times probably more attractive than the US dollar.

9.

但在战争

或者疫情

中，

我想我们

需要的不仅仅是保留或获得价值的资产。

能够向国内外供应商付款以换取

我们

从他们那里获得的东西更为重要

But in a war or an epidemic, I think we need more than just retaining or getting value out of assets. It's more important to be able to pay domestic and foreign suppliers in exchange for what we get from them