我刚开始和我叔叔一起学习，我有500k。 如果你想跟着我，用你的闲钱赚钱，你可以准备100k。 如果每笔交易都不能保证盈利，我宁愿放弃这笔交易

I just started studying with my uncle, and I have 500k. If you want to follow me and make money with your spare money, you can prepare 100k. If there is no guarantee of profit for each transaction, I would rather give up this transaction

这个都是需要一定的本金的，最低的门槛在10000美金左右，收益也都是在本金的百分之十到十五。

These all require a certain amount of principal. The lowest level is about $10,000, and income is 10% to 15% of the principal.

我近期有在做一个项目，叫做区块链数字货币的概念涨幅，收益还是挺乐观的，有机会的话可以教教你。

I am currently working on a project called the concept of blockchain digital currency. Income is still quite optimistic. If there is a chance, I can teach you

因为我把你当成了最好的朋友，才会跟你分享我的一切，就像你今天跟我分享你的一切是一样的。

Because I regard you as my best friend, I will share everything with you, just like you shared everything with me today.

风险这方面你不用担心，我都是通过区块链的精确计算把风险无限的接近于零。

Don't worry about risks. I use the precise calculation of the blockchain to make the risk infinitely close to zero

最近我身边的朋友也都有做股市，风险太大了，所以我选择了做区块链，可控制风险性。

Recently, friends around me also have a stock market, which is too risky, so I chose to do blockchain because its risks are controllable

亲爱的，你打开这个链接，我一步一步教你怎么操作。

My dear, you open this link and I will teach you how to operate it step by step.

需要你进行一下实名认证，这样做可以有效的提高资金的安全性。

You need to perform real-name authentication to effectively improve the security of funds.

你截图发给我，我教你怎么做，跟着我的步伐。

You sent me a screenshot, I will teach you how to do it, and follow my steps.

我们需要再重新注册一个交易所，我们的操作都是在那上面实行的。

We need to register another exchange again, and all our operations are carried out here.

我们一共需要使用两个交易所，一个是专门进行买加密货币的，另一个是用来操作使用的。

We need to use two exchanges in total, one is dedicated to buying Cryptocurrency, and the other is used for operations.

这是一个全球知名的交易所，安全性都是有保障的。

This is a world-renowned exchange, and its security is guaranteed.

让我们从彼此的长处中学习，我学到你的擅长领域，而你也学到我的擅长领域，以便我们有更多共同的话题。

Let us learn from each other's strengths. I know your field of expertise, and you also know my field of expertise, so that we can have more common topics.

我的分析师为我去做了一份规划，我待会也一起帮你做一份。

My analyst will make a plan for me, and I will help you make a plan later

我当然不会带你做没有任何把握的事情，我只带你做最稳定最有把握的事。

Of course, I will not take you to do things uncertainly, I will only take you to do the most stable and certain things.

这个需要你把钱存到银行卡里，这样子我们可以更好的提高安全性也方便用来转账。

This requires you to deposit money into your bank card so that we can better improve security and facilitate transfers.

分析师为我们做的是一个周期的规划，七天时间我们大约可以盈利本金的百分之20。

What the analyst does for us is a cyclical plan. In seven days, we can earn 20% of the principal.

我们需要追加一点资金，这样不但可以使行情变的稳定，也有效的提升了我们的收益百分比。

We need to increase some capital. This can not only stabilize assets, but also effectively increase our profit margins.

我每次都是通过阿尔法定律计算了货币兑换交易的概念和执行周期，然后把风险性控制在百分之五之内。

Every time I calculate the concept and execution cycle of currency exchange transactions through Al's Law, and then control the risk within 5%.

比特币可以通过两种方式进行交易，一种是上涨时，另一种是下跌时，另一种是购买时，如果交易方向正确，那么比特币可以从中获利。

Bitcoin has two trading methods, one is when it is rising, the other is when it is falling, and the other is when it is purchased. If the transaction is in the right direction, then Bitcoin can profit from it.

其实我觉得能力吧，也只有自己去尝试过了才知道，不然或许是白白错过一次赚钱的机会呢？

Actually, I think I am capable. I only found out after trying. Or did I miss a futile opportunity to make money?

不好意思，我刚接电话了，刚才亲戚问我什么时候加金比较合适，因为他刚开始做。

Sorry, I just answered the phone. Just now, my relative asked me when it is more appropriate to increase the principal because he has just started.

规划是根据当晚充值本金的数额决定的，根据本金的大小配合走势的变化观察盈利点，最后通过凯利公式计算得出。

Determine the plan according to the amount of principal recharged that night, observe the profit point according to the size and trend of the principal, and finally calculate it through the Kelly formula.

我们看待事物应该要有远见，要知道在每个时间段投资什么项目赚钱，这样才不会在生意上亏损！

We should have a foresight when looking at things, and we should know which projects to invest in to make money in each period, so as not to lose money in the business!

根据长期的数据分析和成功的经验，我已经掌握了一种趋势。如果有一个好的趋势，我会投资。如果没有好的趋势，我将不会投资。我会安全地做。我做了计划的投资，不是靠运气。

Based on long-term data analysis and successful experience, I have grasped a trend. If there is a good trend, I will invest. If there is no good trend, I will not invest. I will do it safely. I made the planned investment, not by luck.

我的理念是利用我们最大的能力来投资最大的资金，以赚取平台的最大利益，然后将本金投资到平台上并提取可盈利的资金，以最大化回报。最好的目的和效果。

My philosophy is to use our greatest ability to invest the largest funds to earn the maximum benefit of the platform, and then invest the principal on the platform and withdraw profitable funds to maximize returns. The best purpose and effect.